If you like adrenaline fueled craziness that is the Resident Evil Movies this is a great value. I was going to wait until the movie was made and released and get all of the movies but that will be a few years from now and $30 was a price i couldn't pass up.
Loved Resident Evil collection..them zombies is no joke
This is a great set, very happy with it and having a complete collection. :)
This is a great collection at a great price! Very happy with my purchase.
Great quality for watching a movie by using Blue-ray player
I enjoy sci fi movies. I can watch this movie over and over.
I would highly recommend this Blu ray movie set if you like theresident evil series.
This is an excellent series. Great way to spendo a rainy weekend!
Great movie bundle overall. Zombie type movies are my favorite. Every movie has a very good story to it.
could not find this anywhere except best buy......great value
Great price! Bought for my daughter in college and she loves it!
I love the video games this series is based of off.
All 5 movies in one collection for a cheap price, you can't go wrong with that
Didn't know there was a Blu-Ray box set and When I saw it, I had to have it!
I played the original game which is what got me to watch the first movie. I have watched each one since. All of them, on their own, have been above average movies and I have seen each of them at least 5 times. I got the collection to watch them all together. Better deal to get them together than purchase separate!
This is one of the best science fiction series out there.
Good movie collection. I like the Best Buy special editions, boxed sets, and exclusive covers. I usually purchase steelbook editions from Best Buy.
Always liked watching her kick butt, great deal for me finding the box set. I would recommend them.
I came late to the RE franchise so I had seen parts and pieces of all 5 but not in any order and certainly not sequentially. Finally I get to see the sequence as it was meant to be - in order. Not much to say about the physical discs themselves - they work. But I've really enjoyed the collection.
You get the first five movie on bluray, Though online in the description it said it came with all the digital downloads as well. it didn't.
This is one of my all time favorite movie franchise can't wait for the next one.
What more can I say, certainly not the based directed or made series....and the forced 3D is definitely not something redeeming about the series, yet fun and actionable at all times
Great Box Set Featuring An A@* Kicking Zombie Goddess!
I always enjoyed the games even though the movie has nothing to do with them.
Was happy to find that they carried the entire series. Excellent picture and sound. If you're a fan get it
I love the resident evil series and to be able to have all the movies is awesome.
This set has it all. Great picture and sound for a great price.
If u like the resident evil series and want to see the final one next year then u need this box set it will get u ready for the final chapater next year
We enjoyed the whole series and this is a bonus to have them all packaged together in a set
Loved the movies, so I had to get these on Blu-ray! You will also enjoy all the bonus features. Don't pass this up.....GET IT!
This collection is a great deal if you enjoy the franchise.
Great collection of all of the Resident Evil movies.
Best movies I've seen in awhile, even if they are older now.
If you like zombies or lots of fun action, this movie collection is one on the NEED TO OWN type. I saw all in theaters and enjoyed them.
They are the only place I could find this set, and they always have the best prices. Upgraded to bluray and could not be happier with the product
Perfect gift for someone who loves the video games.
I had played the original RE but never cared to watch the movies. After one day seeing part of the fifth one, and after having bought the re release of the remastered RE, I decided to give the movies a shot. They pretty much met my expectations of a video game movie in terms of quality, but I did enjoy watching them. I would say the first one is the best, and I didn't much care for the series turning into full, global zombie apocalypse in the third one, but I did enjoy them.
Even though another one is coming still being able to get all 5 movies for $30 is a awesome deal. They will prob make another collection with prob all 6 but at least you can wait till the new one goes down in price.
This packed film content is awesome
Ive always loved the resident evil movies and to find this bundle for such a low price i am happy.
All the movies in one box set is great, love this series.
These saved me a lot of money buying them individually. Love the collectors pack.
When you see all's the movie in a roll is really good
If your a fan of the games or just like zombie type movies, this collection is well worth it.
I got them for my son,I will be back to purchase more Blue ray dvd tapes for him.
This was an awesome deal can't wait til the new movie cones out
High quality, reasonably priced, and a must have for fans of Mila J. Perfect for a weekend marathon of Resident Evil.
Definitely worth getting if you want the whole set!
How cool is it to buy every single one of the resident evil movies are less than $50 I think I told you not to $30 or under right under 40 but for everything on the movies now or is that just came out with a new one but until then I have every single one of them and I paid a really good price price for the Blu-rays great picture love the movie
At $14.99 this set is a bargain, you get all 5 movies on Blu-Ray and on Digital HD. Decided to get this to watch in preparation to the final movie of the series.
great collection. Video and audio is awesome. Buy it!!
Pretty great collection and price was great buy for 5
Awesome collection for the price. Would recommend to anyone that loves zombie movies.
Great movie. The dvd quality is amazing. I love it.
Got this set on sale. Great movies all in one awesome bundle.
Total bang for your buck! This collection rocks my socks! Can't wait for #6!!
I got this on sale and love that I now own all the films. Just sad the new film coming out is not attached but hey !
I loved these movies even though they got mixed reviews. It's not for everyone, but if you are a fan then blu-ray is the way to go. I can't wait for the new movie to come out next year.
This Resident Evil movie is a great collection just wish it had digital copy.
I always wanted the collection, they are all great movies
I always like resident evil. And buy it in special. 14.99 very good deal :)
I really like the Resident Evil movies and the fact that they were at a reasonable price gotta love Best Buy.
I totally love this Blu-ray collection of Resident Evil. Wish the movie followed the story from the video game, but this is this good.
Love this series of movies , hope they make more..
This collection has all the Resident Evil Movies which is great if your a fan of zombie action movies!!! It has some of the best Zombie movies ever made.
Must have set if a fan of Resident Evil and Mila. Picked this up for very cheap at BB. Highly recommend if you like R.E.
As most know, originally Resident Evil was DVD, so when I started my collection most where DVD. My favorite movies I been replacing with blueray, and for the price couldn't pass it up.
These movies are great!! I price for the set is a really good deal for the amount of movies you get!!
We all know theses are a must have for friends or yourself great movies n awesome blu-ray quality picture is great sound good
These movies are a lot of fun. Alice, played by Mila Jovovich, is one bad*ss protagonist and the main reason for watching these action packed zombie/mutant/undead movies. There's even zombie dogs! This collection is a super deal for the $30 I paid while on sale. I'm more a fan of the Resident Evil games but these movies are still cool to watch.
It was awesome. Love Blu-ray quality. It was great buy.
Great movie... good sounds..Great addition to my collections..
Perfect for any lover of this movie franchise. No digital copy
Soon as I got home I had to binge watch the movies again and they came with the digital copies so I can watch anywhere
Amazing price for 5 movies!!!! Not the best acting, but the story is fun to follow.
If you're huge fan of Resident Evil video games and stuff, this is a great movies to watch.
I was happy to get this set of movies in one package. I am gearing up for the newest Resident Evil coming out and wanted to remind myself how fun this series is. Great price and so entertaining. I am stoked watching this set once again.
Love the Resident Evil movies!! And finally got all 5 movies in one collection on Bluray!!
Glad to find a collection of Resident Evil. Going to have a marathon this weekend
For some reason, the more you watch the movies, the better they get. Can't get enough of them.
These movies are a great price for all 5 movies. Lots of action!
Great set to own and had a good price.good to have the collection
I've been waiting for the box set with all 5 movies! It's perfect and the special features are so great! I definitely recommend this!
This is a great price for a great franchise. Definitely worth picking up.
This should be in any Resident Evil fans collection. Good value for the money!
My son enjoys this, and it was bought for him. He enjoys it.
By far my favorite series ever. Awesome action good story.
Love these movies, great bonus features and Easter eggs
Now These are good action movies really liked them.. and the video games also.. one more movie in this series then they done..
Great price on this collection. In blu Ray. Enjoyed watching
Whole collection for under 20.00, awesome deal and awesome series.
Other than matching Amazon.com this set was worth it.
You can't beat five movies for less the 20 bucks, and blu-ray
Fantastic collection of all resident evil movies together! Highly recommended!
All 5 resident evil movies in one set at a great price.
For a super low price. They all come sealed separately too.
Resident Evil is a cult classic. Great story line for a science fiction/zombie lover
So excited to finally own this franchise on Bluray and the price was just a cherry on top!!!
I bought this movie collection for a Christmas gift!!
Great blu ray box set at a good price. Quality is good. Watch the price though, black friday this was going for about $30 now it's half the cost.
i cant wait for the new resident evil movie.. this is a good present before the new one comes out next year
Awesome Series and crystal clear in Blu Ray. its nicety be able to walk into the store and find a collection like this.
Huge fan of the series and could't pass up this collection for its great price...especially being all blu-ray!
This is a great box set. The movies are good too, very good action movies.
Great movie set, descent price, great movie set descent price
Only OK, because after buying it discovered that a final chapter movie will be released soon... SO, I'll have to get it when its released. There goes all the series fitting under a single cover. :-)
It's a good buy because you get all of the movies. You don't have to buy each DVD and the box set looks cool.
The Resident Evil movies are the most decent video game movies ever made. This collection is a great deal for all five current movies on blu-ray and digital.
Great movie resident evil collection! I love the video games!
If you like a lot of action, zombie premise, government is the bad "guy", and super-human heroine, then you should get a kick out of this series of movies. Like a lot of these kinds of movies, it's not to be taken too seriously, but to be enjoyed for what it is. An end-of-days movie that the government "with the best of intentions" caused, but they also inadvertently created the solution.
Its nice to have all the Resident Evil blue-rays in one collection.
All 5 movies in this collection for a great low price
This is the way to purchase these movies. Came with digital also
I found this box set over the holidays at a great price. It's so convenient to have all the shows together.
Love this series can't wait for the new one that's coming
Keeps you on the edge of your seat and the suspense. A very thrilling movie
If you are a fan of Resident Evil you can't go wrong here. These are the same disks as sold individually, only at a StupidDeal price! Absolutely, unconditionally recommended!
Nothing better than the Resident Evil series of movies! Can't wait for the final chapter!
I've wanted these for a while then saw they were on sale
loved the package and the easy way to watch and store this collection, always been a fan, and I really enjoyed best buy specials and easy to enjoy
A must have for any Resident Evil enthusiast, With masive doses of Milla Jovovich to boot!
Great movie collection for the price. Would recommend for your collection.
Great trilogy on blu ray and the price was just right for this trilogy
The best reason to watch this collection is seeing the beautiful Milla look tough and sexy in black leather. Great movies, too.
These movies are much better on Blu ray than DVD, this is a set to get
I really enjoy the Resident Evil movies. I accept them for what they are. Extinction was probably my favorite of the bunch. This set is a great deal if you're a fan.
I know these movies don't get good reviews, because, let's be honest, as a movie based on Resident Evil, it is awful. The RE lore isn't done well in these movies. However, as standalone zombie/action movies, they are great and entertaining. I love these movies and having the set is great. Can't wait for the finale this month!
Awesome collection and cheaper to get bluray then dvd version from other stores. Can't wait to watch the next installment later in the month.
I picked up The Resident Evil collection because at $14.99 it was just too good to pass up. This boxed set contains the first 5 RE movies in high quality Blue Ray and this is easily one of the most fun action/horror franchise ever created. What's also awesome is that each movie gets exponentially better than the last one.
Very cheap for all 5 resident evils. Looks great. The fourth one is kinda cheesy. Got me ready for the new one. Plus, it's not on Netflix.
The entire series in one neat box. Worth it if your're a fan upgrading to Blueray.
Love these movies glad I found the whole set for anazong price
This has been under my opinion one of the best sci-fi sagas of all time, it gets you hook since the very first scene , tons of action to watch again and again.
I had never seen any of these movies, but a couple of my kids had. We enjoyed watching them together. The set made for an affordable and convenient Christmas present.
I could not pass on this deal. 5 blu- ray movies for $15. With the final movie coming out, it was a no brainer that i had to buy this collection
The movies have great graphics and the box set is packaged nicely to fit on the shelf with the rest of my movies.
This franchise I love very much,big fan of the games and the movies!!!!
I had great customer service I price matched this movie with frys electronics and got a good deal.
Not as good as the games but still cures boredom when needed.
An enjoyable franchise, not greatly dissimilar to the Underworld franchise. Great world building overall.
My fiancé introduced me to the Resident Evil franchise and I was not disappointed. I love that it takes up so much less space than the DVD set. We're slowly replacing all our DVD's and the picture quality is worth it.
SAW THIS BOXED SET ,AN HAD TO HAVE IT, now i see theres a new RES. EVIL OUT END OF THE MONTH ,wonderful shes great !
Awesome collection but like every collection now there's a new one to add to it
I love the Resident evil franchise these movies are awesome.
This is a good series and it's fun and raw and great price
Great movie would recommend to a friend. Good price
for $15 this is a nice set of movies. these have been out for years but at this price I had to grab them.
I love all the Resident Evil movies. They were a well spent purchase.
Hours of action and thrill in this ver affordable collection!! Must have
I love the resident evil story line and for the price the box set is worth it
It saves you from buying all of the movies individually. The box set also looks really cool. It was a good buy.
The box is neat and for the price I couldn't refuse not buying the movies.
Another collection I bought. Great quality and great movie collection
I've always wanted the complete set of Resident Evil so this was perfect for me.
Pretty good deal for all of the movies on blu ray discs
Love the series and only had the first three so figured this was the better deal especially in blu-ray
Would highly recommend to any movie fans who likes this type of movie
I love this boxset. I will admit however, that these movies get progressively worse towards end of series but I still love them.
All I have to say is 5 count 'em 5 Blu-Rays for $15 what makes it even better the Resident Evil movies are fun and enjoyable
I had been wanting this set for a while and with the new movies in theaters I just couldn't pass it up. The price was amazing and who doesn't love these movies!
Had to buy for the price and because the movies are great.
Glad they made all of them together can't wait for the new one
If you're a long-time fan of the franchise or want to watch them for the first time, then this is collection you need! Not only does it come with the original blu-ray films, but it also comes with the digital copies of each film! Each film has its own blu-ray disc and case. The film cases are enclosed in one collectible, reflective sleeve, featuring the franchise's protagonist Alice. You can't go wrong with this set and it will definitely be a nice visual addition to your library.
I was excited to see them whole collection on blu Ray but I patiently waited for it to go on sale. Once I saw it for $15, I bought it immediately. Amazing deal for the series!
Excellent movie I recommend it to everybody that wants to watch the movie you can't beat that price
Great set that includes digital downloads as well. All you need to do is add one code and you have all five in your library.
These movies were a lot of fun to watch to get us refreshed for the new Resident Evil movie.
As the title says. I got a super great on the collection. I paid $15 for all five movies and on Blu-ray too.
Getting ready for the 6th and final RE all great movies. It came with Digital HD for all discs included in this box set.
Five blue ray disks For a very reasonable price. I would recommend this to anyone
Action, stunts, and a fame fatal that kicks butt. All this adds to a great story line.
Excellent movie! I saw this movie in theaters. Hm.
Was really impressed at the sale price I got this set for - $10 less than even Amazon's sale price ! That being said Ive always been a big fan of the series and now its great to have the whole set! (well minus the final film thats about to come out
fun sci fi zombie flicks that are beyond belief but look great on the tv
Action from start to finish Milla Jovovich is such a good heroin love all the movies
Love these movies!!!Got them for a great price!!!!
Loved the series. Great bundle for any fan of the series and interest in the upcoming release.
Can't wait to see the new one. Have been a RE fan since thief first movie came out and am looking forward to the new ones.
Best way to catch up before the final chapter is released is to get the entire saga in 1 collection for a great price.
Pretty good price for this set, with 5 movies included.
I am a huge fan of these series and when I saw the whole collection in Blu Ray, I knew that I had to get them!
Great set, worth the buy for fans of the films. A steal for 14.99!
Can't beat the price for 5 blu-ray movies in a box set $14.99.
Huge fan of the franchise, so for $14.99 to get them all on blu ray is an awesome deal.
great quality great deal would definitely recommend
Stopped into Best Buy and grabbed the resident evil Blu Ray collection. Got all 5 movies for a great price and will be able to have the perfect movie marathon for the upcoming release of Resident Evil: The final chapter.
All 5 together of one of my favorite movies Milla is beautiful in a kick butt role
Awesome movies. Excellent value at $15 can't beat it.
Exactly what we needed to catch up before heading to the theatre for the last movie. Easy order..easy pickup & not back-ordered like on Amazon
This is one of the best collection ever so far, love this movies and they are awesome. keeping the story up to date.
I really enjoyed this movie, I have the entire collection
Great Deal on the collection of all five Resident evil films
I love these movies!! they are awesome and I'm glad I own them now
I am a fan of these for how dumb they admit the story got, and the box set is fine good enough space, could be small or re-edition, but if you aren't a fan, look the other way (maybe Underworld?)
Great movie you guys should watch all of them highly recommend them
THE BEST FIVE MOVIES I EVER SEEN LOVED THEM ALL I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE THAT LOVES ZOMBIE MOVIES.
Really great series, lots of action, good and interesting plot..
Nice boxed set of resident evil movies on blu Ray looks great I'm any movie collection
U cannot beat all of the resident evil movies for the price or the action
Great movie collection for fans f the Resident Evil series
I have never see the movies and seen that it was a great dark so snatched it up!
Enjoyed watching all the movies and did not think the price was bad either.
What a great deal all movies in a single collection.
Great picture. Very nice compact collection. I would recommend
Always been a fan of Resident Evil films and games. Glad to finally get the blu ray set. Graphics and special effects look great on the screen!
I have been a fan of the franchise since day one finally able to have the whole collection great deal
I've always been a resident evil and this set was grwat!
I love the movie series for resident evil! I love the fact you get 1-4. Plus it a perfect movie night!
Definitely will recommend this to all of my friends to watch
Love these movies and for the price i got all 5 what a bargain.
Enjoyed the DVD set. DVD's were excellent, no problems and really liked being able to see all the movies together.
Sweet collection at a bargain price. Really enjoyed it. This collection includes all five films, but it's missing the current film which is out as I write this. So it's incomplete. Still, this is a nice set at a decent price.
Got this set for $15 and couldn't be happier. Would recommend to any fan of action films.
Got five movies for the price of one. Lots of action in this set
I have seen only 2 of the Resident Evil movies in the series. Ready now to binge !!
Complete in love, my favorite movie. A++I saw the same item, for too much money in Walmart. I get in Best Buy a ultra excelent deal.
I got this blu-ray DVDs set for my son for Christmas. We both love watching all the Resident Evil movies and it's even better in blu-ray!
Great collection at a great price and included digital copy for all the films
If your a big fan of these movies like I am, this collection is a no brainer. $15 for a set that should be over $80 just can't beat the value.
This is a great package for the price. The movies are in individual cases. I thought that they were all in one case. It has a movie code for ultraviolet on newest movie. The code was expired but it did still work.
This was purchased for my husband and he enjoyed it.
This is a great collection of the Resident Evil films. I love how these movies have the perfect mixture of scary moments and great action. It has been fun watching Alice throughout these movies.
Was looking for a nice box set that had all the movies this did it.
This was a great buy for the price and its perfect anyones collection.
Bought the box set for my wife because she likes the resident evil movies
Nice collection at a great price. Big fan of the games and the movies are great as well
I got this box set as a gift for my significant other and I think we both enjoy it equally. If you are a resident evil fan, this is a must have! It has all 5 movies on blu-ray and each disc has a ton of special features. Buying these movies individually would be more expensive and you wouldn't have a sweet box to put them in!I've seen all the Resident Evil movies and in my opinion, they are fantastic. Zombie action movies might not be for everyone, but they are for me! Alice is a badass and the action sequences are really awesome. If you like horror, action, and zombies, these movies will be right up your alley.
Such a good deal for five movies. It's obviously worth it.
Great package of movies for the price! It's great!
I'm a huge fan of the game but not the movies jus got it cause the whole collection in blu ray was on $15 my kids enjoy the films
Great box set with digital copies included! Expired code but Sony accepted it.
I've been looking for this product for a long time and I'm very pleased with it
All five movies. Great for fans of resident evil!!
Bought this pack for $15, includes the first 5 movies. Great deal, better prize than amazon.
5 films for the price of one 3D blu-ray film. It is a steal. I only paid $29.99 at the time and it was something I was not about to pass up considering I enjoyed the RE films. People who are not hardcore RE fans may not enjoy these films as much because knowing the games allows the viewer to pick out little nostalgic pieces they threw into the films that were shown in the video games. The quality of the blu-rays are outstanding though. If you enjoyed the films or are simply a die-hard RE fan, get this. At this price, no matter what, you won't be disappointed.
This is a pretty solid collection for the price. The films are strange, hovering somewhere between b-movie and AAA production, but somehow entertaining. Each disc has decent amount of special features, and the bluray picture and sound quality are top notch.
Couldn't pass this up at $14.99. The films are always fun.
Loved the resident evils was a great deal 4 15 dollars on blu ray
5 dics for 15 can't beat that even if i don't like some of them.
I'm a huge movie collector and when I find STEALS like This I act quick! The RE movie set actually sold out more than once during the price break and they finally got it back in stock! Couldn't be happier with my purchase! Btw, it's all 5 movies in separate cases, which I wasn't expecting but love!
A great collection of films for a low price. Worth it.
great collection at an awesome price.a must have for your collection
This was a great purchase from a great business 2 thumbs up
Great collection! Worth every penny! Mila is the best!
If you are a movie buff or just like really good movies then you can't pass all these up for $15!!! :0 :O
I like these movies. It was a very good value for the 15.00 price for 5 blu rays.
The movies may get a bit ridiculous toward the end, but they are still fun to watch, and I was excited to be able to get this awesome boxed set. I love how shiny it is, too! Nothing negative to say.
5 great movies for a steal. Got a great sale plus my member points. Paid only $5 for entire set.
This is a great deal for the set of movies on blu-ray and you also get all of the digital copies
Lot of action,great zombie story with amazing make up!
Great deal for the set! Also includes a voucher to go see the final chapter
I was very excited when I found this box set. Perfect for binge watching, and a high quality Blu-ray.
This collection bundles all of the theatrical movies released at this point. All of the movies come in their own individual case. High recommend to anyone who is a fan of the series, or someone who is looking for an awesome series of action movies.
I have watched all of the 5 movies in this bundle many time for the price it was the best deal I have ever in all my 58 years awesome bundel
If you get the chance to get these 5 DVD's run out as fast as you can.
This set is amazing and the price is even better. You have every movie.
Great deal only 14.99 for five movies. Great special features and audio.
This is nice box set of the first 5 films and at a great price, loaded with special features and a great artwork on the covers as well as the box. If you buy this all you have to do is get the last one which is coming out soon. I recommend this series, if you like the games and you want something different but in the same world as Resident Evil then pick this set up.
Has all the resident evil movies and all the special features...what more could you ask for especially if you're a fan of the series!
Been a fan of the series since the beginning. This is a great collector's set at a great price.
Great price in this set of blurays so I picked it up. Awesome movies
One of the best movie collection. At such a great price.
The lovely Mila Jovovich in HD, what more can be said. Just simply awesome. Also 5 blockbuster movies for $15 all in one set. Can't argue with that deal.
This came with all the resident evil movies out so far!!! All so good and it came with the digital copies too!!
Love that this bundle has all the movies included. Instead of individually buying each movie, I got the bulk. Great price for the set!
had an issue with the dads went to store fixed problem .. very happy with customer service
AMAZING COLLECTION!! Movies are of course amazing.
We got this for my father in law and he loves it. The picture is great!!!
I love the Resident Evil movie series, so I picked up this collection to re-watch them all before the release of the latest and final entry. The quality was excellent across all of the movies and the price I bought it for was definitely an awesome bonus.
this is simple 5 great movies one low price, if you love the Resident evil franchise this is a must buy.
Been waiting to get this movies on blue ray the price was great I got the whole set
great movies for the price had a resident evil marathon
If you like Resident Evil, this is an awesome way to catch up on all the movies if you are planning on seeing the final chapter in the theaters.. great price too!
Got these for my daughter since she hasn't seen them, she loved them!
I watched two of the movies (DVD) in this series and when I saw that it was being sold on Blu-ray with all the movies included, I had to buy it.
I think i got a great deal for all 5 blu rey movies
Great price and of course love the movies...now I just need to see the final chapter
This series has been a fun ride all the way through. Looking forward to the new movie which will then be added to this collection. Awesome price for the collection too!
Everything was good from the in store experience to the order being delivered when promised
Happy to have all the movies on one packAnother add to my collection
Great deal on the set. Pretty good story line. Would recommend.
love all the resident evil films great action can't wait for the last film
I love Resident Evil so it was a no brainer to buy the collection especially for that price.
Finally, I can add these to the collection and know that it is complete. Great series to much popcorn from and enjoy the action.
Amazing value, was really happy to see such a deal.
Great set of films at an amazing price. Excellent bluray collection
This is a great blu ray set to own @ $15. for the 5 films.
EXCELLENT MOVIES ALL 5 INCLUDED IN RESIDENT EVIL COLLECTION. GREAT BUY. NOT FOR THE YOUNGER SET 10 OR YOUNGER.
Have loved this series since the first movie came out and really enjoyed watching them all again. Cant wait for the last movie to come out of video. By far one of my favorite zombie type movies.
Bought this as a gift. I ended up keeping it for myself
Got a great deal on this set. The movies are o.k., but with the deal, I couldn't pass the set up.
If you are a fan of Resident Evil and do not have the movies yet, this is the set for you! Not only do you have the first 5 movies, but you also get the digital copies as well for what amounts to the price of just 2 of the movies on their own! While this diverges from the video games of the same name, the movies are a fun thrill ride with plenty of action!
All 5 movies, can you say marathon! Awesome franchise, wish they would make more.
Finally somewhere that has the resident evils in one box set! Movies play great, and I think the price I paid for it was awesome!
I enjoyed the series I decided to buy the full set. Great movies
Liked the movies and was able to pick up all 5 on blu ray with digital copies for $15.
Love this franchise. 5 blurays for a great price. Get it.
Glad I purchased. All movies in one set. Could not beat the price.
Got the collection on sale! Movie is very entertaining. Great movie collection to have.
This is a good deal for people who like movie and video games
Great deal for the 5 movie blu ray st I love the series
It's perfect to get caught up to. Than you could watch the new movie.
I was so excited to see they had a box set of all Resident Evil movies. For all the movies, it was under $25.
ALL ACTION WITH GREAT PRICE. SHE IS ONE GREAT FEMALE ACTION ACTORE.
I have been looking for all the Resident Evil movies in a set for a while and when i saw this at Best Buy, I knew that I had to get it. All 5 movies and for only 14.99, was a steal.
Great picture quality and fantastic sound. They did a great job on this blu ray!!!!!!!
Great zombie series. Lots of action and zombie death. Love to see women in strong roles
Such a great deal. So nice to get all the movies and digital copies!
Love the Resident Evil movies! Great Blu Ray set for an awesome price!
This was great buy for sale price, 5 movies in the set
I love all the movies and having them all in one collection on blu ray is a wonderful thing.
i love the video games now i love the movies and all 5 for 20 dollars you cant beat that
Another movie for my collection and for the price is good.
great movies the resident evil series is a must see
This is a great collection. If you love the games, you're probably gonna like these movies, probably.
This was a great movie got it for kid and he want it watch over and over.
This movie bundle is an awesome collection for those RE fans!! Binge watch worthy!!
Great collection of movies. Digital is included for all movies
Movies were great on DVD blu ray is even better plus all in one package
An awesome deal for a great series!!! All the movies came in the pack
Best value for your buck! All 5 films in separate cases for less than $15 and digital copies were included!
It's nice getting them all in one set. Set is perfect, no flaws in DVD's.
This is a great buy! The first five resident evil films for $14.99. I'm not really a fan of the first film, but the four sequels are fun to watch. The final film will be released on blu ray soon. I suggest picking this collection up at this affordable price while it's available.
To Have All The First Five Movies For One Low price. Can't beat it
Nice addition to my growing library of Blu-Ray movies. Price was really low for a brand new movie.
For $15 I got the collection great deal, this set only came with 1 digital code for retribution.
This is an awesome collection of all the Resident Evil movies. This is the definitely the best group of movies.
5 movie collection box set for 14.99! That's an awsime price! Great item to own.
first and foremost, unlike the other reviews you might read, this does NOT come with all the digital codes. For me, that mattered. I was bummed to see it only came with a code for retribution but at this price point, you really can't argue. All five movies are included. The movies progressively get worse but it's a zombie apocalypse movie and in the end, they're just mind numbingly fun. I'd watch them over and over again.
Great Box Set- We enjoyed these old classics over again!
I picked this up for 15$ right before the final chapter came out. Perfect time to buy
I've always liked these movies, and this set got me all of them with a far cheaper price than buying them seperately.
Great buy for this 5 pack. Love this movie and it's sequels. Can't wait for the next new release.
The 5-Movie Resident Evil Collection (Resident Evil/Resident Evil:Apocalypse/Resident Evil:Extinction/Resident Evil: Retribution/Resident Evil:Afterlife)These movies are what they are and I enjoyed them very much. Look forward to every movie being more ridiculous than the next.
This set was a great buy.I was very pleased to find this for this price.
I bought this package because of the great price and that digital copy was imcluded
One of my favorites. Great quality and story line.
Great quality box set. Have all five movies in blu ray.
With being a huge fan of the video games, buying this box set was a no brainer. And at that price..... Genius
If you like the this movie series, then you defiantly should pick this up. Great way to catch up!
I am glad I saw this when I did, my daughter took all the ones I purchased separately. Now I can binge watch and be ready for when the next one comes out on blu-ray.
I can't wait for the final chapter to come out. They we're all good movies.
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's such a good movie, even though; you disagree or not.. Its worth to watch..
The Resident Evil franchise is pure guilty pleasure. It's not meant to be taken seriously at all. Just enjoy the eye candy kicking zombie butt!
If you love action and sci-fi-fi then this is for you. Must have to complete your Resident Evil collection and to know the ending to this amazing story.
These movies are great on their own and packaged together they offer many hours of entertainment.
I love the resident evil franchise movie. Its very entertaining.
awesome and would definitely recommend to a friend
This was very expensive which is great for so many movies
Five Resident Evil movies on BluRay together for a low price.
Excellent movies to add to your blu ray collection.
Got them all now! Love this franchise! Great deal at Best Buy!
Follow Alice as she discovers herself and help bring down umbrella corporation
Exactly what you could want from a RE box set. If you are a fan of the films than you've already seen them. This set has tons of special features, all five of the original films and digital copies of each.
Bought all five of the first resident evil movies for $15!! And it came with a free ticket to see number seven!
I was looking for the whole movie collection for cheap price and I did and it was well worth the price
Now you can see Alice in all of her kick-a** glory in one place. Super great value price.
Nice to have all of the movies together in one place.
I'd been checking this out at Best Buy and it didn't come with the Ultraviolet copies. I was going to wait in hope for a new box set to come out with the upcoming release of the new Resident Evil. Then I went back and lo and behold the set came with the digital copies with no price increase. What a screaming deal at $14.99 for all five movies. I highly recommend you don't miss this one!
Very nice set for the money, just have to wait for the last one to come out
Nothing like having the whole collection of resident evil! All fought up now to watch the movie in theathers
Picked this collection up for a steal of a price. Had all 5 films in individual cases.
What a price for this collection ! These movies are great
All in all this is a very entertaining series of movies that SciFi and Fantasy buffs will (should) enjoy.
Great way for fans of the series to get their hands on all of the Resident Evil movies to prep them for the latest installment. Even if you already own a couple of the titles, the price of this set to own them all in Blu-Ray format is a no brainer. Grab your favorite snacks and drinks, crank up the surround sound, and settle down on your couch for a marathon of Alice!
These movies are just so awesome. I love to watch them over and over again. So much action.
My review, this is the best video game to movie franchise. with only mortal combat coming n second. They did a great job with all 5 movies so far. cannot wait until the final chapter is delivered to my house
I have these on dvd and saw the blue rays on sale. I went ahead and upgraded
Classic movies in Blu-Ray. The price is right, especially since the new movie is released on DVD next week. Perfect time to catch up and get ready for the new release.
Great price for the five films on Blu-Ray-- discounted at under $15 bucks! Can't wait for the final film in the series coming out next week and I'll binge watch all 6 films!
FINALLY GOT THIS WHEN i WAITED FOREVER TO GET IT ON BLURAY. AND ITS WORTH IT. THE RESOLUTION UPGRADE IS GREAT!
Got the entire set for $15! Less than 3 dollars a movie!
Very happy this is a great series which I have watched many times. I is convienent to have all in one box
5 movies for 15 dollars, really good deal. Make sure each package had different movies. Seen one with double movies
Perfect for the fan of blow stuff up and turn off my brain.
I'm a fan of the Resident Evil franchise. I was at BB and saw this Blu-Ray 5 disc set on sale. Since the new "Final Chapter" was just released on DVD, it was time to add the entire series in Blu-Ray to my video library.
Super series. The franchise is great start to finish. Can not beat the price.
Go to this movie set super cheap. Hadn't seen all of them but they were all good movies! Great price!!
definitely a good deal! These came with a code for downloading them too!
I am a big fan of this series. Definately worth the money for the bluray set.
Great series last one just came out as a separate movie
Great deal. All five movies on bluy ray plus all five digitally. If you like series get it.
Excellent value, Great movie Series, excellent Action
These are fun movies for a rainy day. You can't pass up all 5 blu-rays in one package for a cheap price!
I am very happy with this bundle, the blue-ray discs come with full features and the digital download which makes this a steal.
I will watch any movie where I can see mills jovovichs body.
This is a great collection at a great price and its in blu-ray!
This was an awesome deal for the 5 disc set on blu-ray. I was super stoked because mine included an expired vudu code that should have quit working 3 years ago but it was still good so I was able to add the entire bundle to my online library. Plus these movies are so great. Over the top action and blood and gore. Very well done.
A great series. The 5th one was a bit weak but still enjoyable
Good sci-fi/zombie movie series based off the popular video game. Has good action and special effects.
We buy movies all the time and so when we got the opportunity to get them all minus the final one we took it. Great sci fi collection with action all over.
I started watching the original movie because I am a fan of Michelle Rodriguez (who appears throughout the series). The sequals continued to expand from the source video game stories & characters, delightfully blending sci-fi, horror, action, suspense and even comedy! Over-the-top action delivers in a steady build!
If you're even just a casual fan of the franchise, how can you not love the5 movie pack plus the digital downloads? The price point was crazy cheap. There's really not a single negative thing to say about it. Watch the movies, enjoy the franchise, and add it to your collection.
These movies are fun and for the price I couldn't pass it up. They are great quality too.
Is the most complete trilogy of Resident Evil.Buyed now.
Well the killings continue and yes she is a looker still. A must have to complete the collection of the series
I saw this bundle on Vudu and it was 3x as much! This was a great value for the film franchise!
Been a Resident Evil fan since the game series started. Picked up for $15 on sale! Awesome!
Bought these for my daughter for less than 15$ and she loved it.
Very good series film. Hope they make more. like the action.
I got this box set at an awesome price. I'm assuming they marked it down because there is probably a new box set coming with the release of the final RE movie. Buy these before they're gone. It doesn't get any cheaper than this.
I'd been looking at this box set for a while and when it went on sale for $15 I jumped on it. 5 bluray movies for $15? Yes please! All the movies play great and each came packaged in their own case. Great deal!
Can't beat this box set for the price! Great movies if you like a popcorn flick with a lot of action!
if you liked all the Resident Evil movies this collection has the first 5 on blue-ray for $15 a great value. I bought this 5 movie collection and #6 and it was $10 cheaper than purchasing the 6 movie collection. Awesome!
i got all 5 movies for 14.99 this is a great deal.
These may not be classic cinema but they are a lot of fun to watch. 5 films bundled together at a great price is too hard to pass up
I got this set for a really great price and would recommend to anyone!!
I DECIDED TO WRITE THIS REVIEW TO HELP PEOPLE KNOW ABOUT THE DIGITAL HD FACTS. WHEN I OPENED THE BOX SET(EACH BLU-RAY IS PACKAGED IN IT'S OWN BOX) THERE WAS AN ULTRAVIOLET CODE PAPER INCLUDED. IT SAID TO GO TO SONYPICTURES TO REDEEM. INSTEAD I WENT TO MY VUDU ACCOUNT AND ENTERED THE CODE. I RECEIVED ALL FIVE MOVIES IN HD. THE PLASTIC WRAP ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE BOXED SET SAID YOU WOULD GET ALL 5 MOVIES WITH 1 CODE. THE OFFER EXPIRED ON12/21/2014 BUT WORKED ANYWAY. IF YOU DON'T GET YOUR DIGITAL COPIES I WOULD SUGGEST CONTACTING SONY. AS FAR AS REVIEWING THE MOVIES WHAT CAN I SAY? FANTASTIC!!!!!
I was always looking to get the collection and this was an amazing deal, so happy with it plus all in blue ray? Perfect!
Resident Evil collection all in one... enough said! You don't find any better deal.
If you like zombie movies you must watch this awesome collection!
If you're looking to buy this collection you already know that you like the films. Its well worth the purchase and you will get a lot of enjoyment out of it.
Already had first few RE movies, love the blue ray experience and was already sold when I first saw this blue ray bundle. All movies are individually packaged and have original covers from when they first came out. Good buy for 15 when individual they can run from 5 to $10.
Already own on DVD, but Movie looks great on Blu Ray
A great bundle with all the movies. This was a decent movie definitely worth checking out.
Own all of the previous Resident Evil movies except the Final Chapter. A great choice for real collectors of movies and of Resident Evil. Each movie comes in its own case as if you were to buy them individually with another case to hold them all together.
Love this movie collection. Will probably add the newest movie too.
I've always loved the games the movies are just as great!!!!
I'm a huge fan and needed them upgraded to blurays. Great price
Picked this up on the cheap side and, although Ultraviolet copy stated it had long since expired, much to my delight it was still available. Not as big of a fan of the 4th/5th films (it clearly has run it's course and got too caught up in being 3D), I do like the set and the 1st and 3rd movies are worth what was paid for the entire set.
This is a very good bonset of a great seriea. Many great special features as well
Dope movies, although I wasn't a fan of the movies so much, it's a typical blockbuster for people. Logan was a solid movie.
Love these movies!!! Mila is great in every movie!!!
If you're a fan of the resident evil game's, then you probably already love the movies. It's a great complete run of the first 5 movies at a very reasonable price. Despite the low price for 5 blu rays they didn't cut out any of the bonus features. Which my wife loved.
My wife and I love watching these movies together.
Nice collection of movies. Spent the weekend watching all the movies
Best buy really nailed it offering this disc set. It's affordable and the movies speak for themselves. Highly recommend adding this set to your collection. The blu ray quality of these movies is fantastic.
Got this bundle when it was on sale. Got all the movies in one place.
Good series with non-stop zombie action. Would highly recommend it.
Excellent, resident evil is really good. Great actors to.
I'm a huge Resident Evil fan either the video game or movies and this is a great collection of each movie 1-5.
I loved the newest one but from being able to watch all from disc number 1-5 I can tell how the plot line goes and it makes more sense. I highly recommend this if your into action it really gets you wanting to watch more.
Great movies glad they come out with this one as a set.
If you love a great Zombie type apocalypse series, you will love this. I have watch majority of these movies at the theater. The last movie sealed it all up. It was a great ending.
Great price for all five films! Great to binge watch in preparation of part six!
This was a great series. I already owned a couple of the blu-rays of the series, and now I own the whole collection.
I've always been a huge Resident Evil fan so picking up these in a bundle was a great find!
I love zombie movies. The resident evil series is one of the best. Sometimes it's a little corny but that is what movies are for to be intertaining and make things that are not real into real things on the screen.
Purchased this when the last movie came out for twenty bucks and enjoyed it very much. The films came with download codes. They looked great!
Great collection of movies if you like resident evil. If not.. you will prob hate it.
Simply love these movies! So full of action and suspense.
if you have not seen any of these movies, this is the perfect way to do so
If u enjoy action fighting movies, you will love this! Not to mention, ZOMBIES! I like that it is a collection pack because it's more worth it instead of buying one movie at a time.
This collection is amazing. A must buy if you are a resident evil fan! :)
Awesome deal great movies !!!! I wish they would've done more with the 4th movie
Who doesn't love Resident Evil? And a box set that costs less than buying one movie by it's self, who would hesitate to buy that?
love the movies, some more some less, but a unbeatable price even if you don't like a couple of them
Love the movies and enjoy the high quality, and the fact that i can download in my tablet
The Resident Evil series is great, tons of action and a great plot lines!
Epic as always! Each film gets better and better! Star Wars... Matrix... And Resident Evil
excellent movies each one is better than the last .
Already 5 sequels and many more to come. There is a large fanbase out there for this Resident Evil franchise and I am truly one of them. Great cinematography and excitingly intense movie.
This five disc Blu-Ray set has the best of the best of any collection. The action throughout all five movies is always an edge of the seat show. You gotta have a large bowl of popcorn, sit back, relax and watch Milla Jovovich entertain you from beginning to end. I'm extremely glad to have bought this from Best Buy to add to my collection.
The 5 movie Resident Evil Movie pack contains all the movies as well as UV code for all 5 movies.
Great Savings in one box set!!! Love the movies and Milla. All Connect together very well and great extra features.
Just what I wanted all the movies in one box..just wish it had the last movie in 3d but o well
This series is fun to watch. Lot's of action as well as plausible plot.You can watch the entire series of movies without getting bored, and a fun thing to do on a very snowy day.
big fan of the franchise and it was a lot cheaper than buying them separately.
I know not everyone is a fan of the RE movies, but I have to say my girlfriend and I can't seem to get enough of them. Are they cheesy? Yes. Do they have serious plot holes? Sure. Regardelss the action is great and I can't wait for the next movie after watching each one. My favorite thing about them is they just keep going, they barely ever pause to elaborate on any plot points.
Great action movies! Blu-ray is absolutely beautiful! Story line is ok, but I doubt you'll purchase this for the story line. Great thing is you don't have to be a fan of the video games to enjoy. But if you are a fan, this is a no-brainer. Buy it now!
i score on this product... all resident evil in one package ... 5 blu-ray for lower price.
Well the movies are not the best but I am a big video game fans. All these movie in one big box is a great deal! So if you are a resident evil video game fan. You got to have it for collecting purpose.
Very good movie. We enjoyed it very much and would purchase more from Best Buy.
Awesome move, great story and superb action. With this price and quality its well worth it.
Al five of the first resident evil movies for less than $20! Does not include the last movie, but a great deal overall
The Resident Evil series is a fun shoot 'em up sci-fi series. You know exactly what you'll get. Lots of guns. Lots of zombies. Sometimes lots of Mila too! And a story that is fun to follow from the beginning. You can't go wrong with this box set although if you wait, they might release the complete series box set soon now that the series is officially over. It was a sad day when I watched the last movie in theaters.
And you're these movies very much wish they keep the franchise going
I love it love the packaging love all five movie hopefully I'll get that next one
I enjoy these movies and when I went to the store to buy the last movie they had these in blu ray and I upgraded my movies from DVD
My fianc introduced me to the Resident Evil franchise and I was not disappointed. I love that it takes up so much less space than the DVD set. We're slowly replacing all our DVD's and the picture quality is worth it.
If you're a resident Evil fan, this is the set for you. All the movies for one low price.
I was impressed with the picture and quality of the bluray. Great sound. Great picture.
Not only the BD, but now have them in VuDu as well. I'm set!
I'd been shopping around for this set for awhile and the price with it being bluray I couldn't turn it down. I would highly recommend this for any comic book/video game nerds just looking for a box set to binge watch through.
Love these movies and this was a great deal.
5 movies on Blu Ray for about 3 a piece. Doesn't matter if you think these movies are Good or bad, it's worth buying especially at that price.
great movies
love the movie
Good price
Anyone who knows Milla knows how sexy she is period. These movies are not groundbreaking nor Oscar worthy but definitely some cool action movies for fans of the game or just action junkies in general and of course the ever so loveable zombies which you can't leave out. I recommend this collection worth every penny!
Love all of the action, horror and the plot.
great
There are little on the dry side but it's up to you to try them
I have bought 100 of these, online or when Im walking around in the store. They are amazing !
We buy these for our daughter and she loves them! She feels like a big girl but is safe to eat these gluten free bars. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Thanks for making a bar gluten free that my daughter can not only eat but absolutely loves as well.
Finally a granola bar that is GF but still tastes like a chocolate chip granola bar!!!
My kids love it...
If you must be gluten free and are looking for a good snack bar you can toss in your purse or pocket, this is it. Good flavor and texture and a handy size...they are one of my favorites.
I am normally in my favoerite store weekly. I needed this product each of those weeks and the shelves were empty. I was forced to order on line which should not have happened. I am a little disapointed but will survive.
not bad just does not impress
ok !
Works great and holds all day. I wish it was easier to remove.
It lasts all day. Has a good flavor.
Use this product all the time
I have tried different types of glue for protesis but this is the best one.
Will order it again
Nothing else has worked this well! All the powder only holds until I try to do something,,,you know, like EAT! I put this on early in the morning, and they stayed tight, and kept food out all day long! Now I can go out to dinner again without carrying spare powder.
Prefer this to zinc free with no flavor. this product is softer and holds better. Would recommend to users.
If you use this more then once a day then this is a great deal. Thomas P
I've used every dental adhesive out there and this is the only one I will choose from now on. It differs from all the rest like this: 1) It tastes pretty good for goop in your mouth. 2) It keeps teeth exactly where they belong for at least 3 days longer than ANY other product of this kind. 3) It is a good price for what it does and a super value too. 4) It lasts longer than the others probably because I don't have to use as much to do the job. 5) Its pink! 6) It applies evenly and neatly (BIG difference there) and comes off simply when washed. Being the BEST value is a good enough reason for choosing this one only however, with all its other plusses, it is a no-brainer to continue buying this brand and type always. I highly recommend.
Used to use Freedent until I heard and saw that it contained zinc. Discovered the poligrip I use does not. Like the Ultra Fresh better than the plain.
Great product it's the best on the market
I have partials, uppers and lowers. They are starting to slip a bit, so I use this goo. I used a very small strip in the front. Works great and tastes minty fresh.
Works well.
it was for my hubby and he loved it.
Have no trouble holding dentures last a long time.
Finally someplace that shipped what I ordered. I ordered this twice before from other places and got the wrong item and had to return it. Thank You Walmart for getting it right on the first try!
I LOVE THE PRODUCT BUT THIS IS THE SLOWEST SHIPPING I HAVE EVER SEEN I AM STILL WAITTING FOR THE PRODECT
I liked this it
it all I use to help me keep my dentures secure.
It works wonderful
Wow! This REALLY keeps a good grip on my lower partial, no worries about it slipping.
Opened box n bamboo plant had a weird smell. Almost like urine. I decided to air it out n arrange the plant's limbs n see if in a few days the odor would subside. It did ! I haven't returned it because it's just too much work so it's in a corner in my living n I'm just trying to get use to it. Next time I will shop in person n buy a real plant. Not worth the price.
The tree itself is very nice. Not as full as I expected but I still love it. Completes the look of my tropical paradise. The only reason I gave 4 stars is it took a very long time for me to receive it. It was on backorder for almost 2 months.
Another Nearly Natural product that looks life-like. Works perfectly in our living room setting. This review was collected as part of a promotion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The quality of the product is outstanding. This tree looks and feels natural without the care of a natural tree. I highly recommend you buy it, oh and the base is nice!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Another Nearly Natural product that looks life-like. Works perfectly in our living room setting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The quality of the product is outstanding. This tree looks and feels natural without the care of a natural tree. I highly recommend you buy it, oh and the base is nice!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The show is unique. I'll give it that. But just not the Sci-Fi show for me.
Not bad for futuristic show. Has some shortcomings, however good plot and shot of America are great. Still the characters, since they where adolescents, it was hard to believe that they ONLY they would be sent to try and establish "living" on earth without any other older characters.
Another series about what can happen after the apocolapse
A decent science fiction television series. Worth watching
Another good show from the CW I enjoy the story and the plot.
The first season is a bit rocky and over the top typical teen drama but once you get past the first half it really picks up. Season 2 is even better but after that it goes down hill fast. Much wasted potential.
An engaging and entertaining show. Well worth the buy.
This series is interesting and keeps you watching until the end. It was a great way to catch up with the series so we can watch season 2.
I liked the first season. Great characters, and story.
This show is quite entertaining to watch. Good cast and action.
Juvenile delinquents fight for survival in a Post-apocalyptic world.
Great quality, wonderful customer service, good price
i like the show and this way i have something to watch in the summer.
This is one of those shows were it's better to watch all at once.
one of the best T.V. Shows I have ever seen in the last year
Not a bad sci-fi series especially since its from the cw. The story line is kind of dumb but there is action and so many love triangles it's hard to keep everything straight. I only wish it could have been on a better network like amc or hbo.
I had to really power thru those first few episode but once I did I was rewarded with a great show. I love that it has great representation and makes you think.
Overall a good series. I did not see this when it was on but now have it scheduled to record.
Interesting Sci Fi show. Worth watching for sci fi fans.
I Enjoy the young cast of the show. To show how their survival modes kick in on this show. Very well written.
The 100 is a post apocalyptic sci-fi offering that has many elements typical of the genre. We start off about 100 years after the surface of the Earth was destroyed in an atomic war. Thirteen nations have orbital space stations and when the thirteenth is destroyed a truce is eventually called and the remaining station unite physically forming the Ark, what is presumed to be the last remnant of the human race. The Ark has a very dysfunction society were all crimes are punished by execution (floated out of an airlock). Juvenile offenders are reviewed at age of 18 and may be spared. Out story opens with Clarke being taken out of juvenile detention to be sent to Earth to see if the planet can support life, since the Ark is dying. Many elements of the first few episodes borrow from the Lord of the Flies and other science fiction works. The 100 find out in a matter of a few episodes that they are indeed not alone on the planet and the situation worsens on the Ark when over 300 people are "removed from the life support grid" which is polite language for them to be killed to allow the remaining people to live. The culling was voluntary but along with the political fighting that was shown and death of likable main characters revealed a very dark undertone at times in the series. The dark undertone was similar to Stargate Universe. We are left at the end of the season with the remnants of the 100 being taken to what appears to be a surviving military bunker. The ending of the first season has a deja vu appearance similar to Jeremiah season one. Overall a good sci-fi effort but only combines elements already seen in the genre with no new ground breaking plot or story lines so far. Look forward to season two. Blu Ray picture quality is excellent.
Excellent show with interesting characters and fast paced story line.
The 100 series is a good TV series to watch and follow.
Reasonable priced, fast delivery service and secured packaging. Can't wait for season 2 to come out.
Great movie for people who like sci-fi movies. Bought for my son
CW seems to have a good handle on concept series. This is set in the future where the future of humanity are living in a space state after a nuclear war. 100 juvenile delinquents are sent back to earth to see if they can survive and repopulate the earth. Interesting dynamics and mysteries between the people on the station vs earth.
An interesting plot and engaging characters make this show a cut above the usual CW fare. It's a binge-worthy trip you'll be glad you took.
This season is amazing nuclear power bomb that we'll written.
Both unflinchingly brutal but all to human this post apocalyptic thrill ride is well worth the the investment!
This TV Series is a real good show to watch, from start to finish.
Look past that its another teen apocalypse story and it actually is pretty good and keeps you engaged in the story line.
Action galore. Grabs your attention and holds onto it.
I liked this show from beginning to end. Lots of suspense
Just was just the beginning. What a fresh ifea to come to tv
This show is a of a kind. The cast is new and once you start watching you can't stop.
Fun show to watch when the series started. Keeps you interested.
We missed the first season. I'm glad we were able to purchase the 1st Season DVD. Wow it was fantastic.
I found this to be a refreshingly good series. Good acting and storyline. Going to buy season 2 and hope it keeps up
Great show hope this one runs for a while good story line and good actors
Finally a show that can keep me interested for more than just a half hour.
A group of 100 criminal teens get sent to earth from a space station . It gets better with each episode. The blu ray of this looks fabulous on my 50 inch plasma. Need to find the rest of the series on Blu ray.
I have liked The 100 since the beginning. There is no shortage of drama and action.
Excellent quality Blu-ray set.
Excellent price for an amazing show. Also comes with digital hd which it doesnt state but was a definent plus.
This DVD set arrived in a timely manner, and so far I am enjoying this series. I look forward to watching more.
Disk, show is very good, hope it last for many seasons. Shipping pass is wonderfull!!!
CW nailed it again with another great series. Suspensful, mysterious and dramatic show kept me wanting to watch another episode as soon as I finished the episode I was on.
Wasn't expecting this show to be that great, but I really like it...I have enjoyed it from the start! Can't wait to see what season 2 has in store for us!
Not a bad way to get rid of people who will not conform to the "MAN". :-)
Everyone needs to go get this show and watch it. It gets better and better as the seasons progress which usually doesn't happen with many TV shows. Most shows the seasons tend to get a little worse until the show is canceled but not this show.
It's nice to have something other than zombies destroying the world for once and I think the show will be on for a while. I haven't watched the CW in years, but found this show to be entertaining.
I have watched the first season on TV every week when the new one came on and so I had to buy the season when it came out, it's a really good series and it's different in many ways then others.
This is a great series, well thought of and very original, I was disappointed when I found out that they were going to cancel it. They always cancel good shows and keep garbage like "the bachelor" on the air, but the network brought it back for an even better second season, and the third is coming too. Awesome show.
I bought this as a birthday gift for my mother, and was very happy with the product received.
My picky adult boy likes this series so it must be good!
Story about populating earth again after nuclear war. It is highly rated!
Great new show, great story with mixture of space, apocalyptic surrounding and survival. Great extras as well
Great series and enjoyed catching up. can wait to own them all.
This show is an amazing rollercoaster of edge of your seat thrills and crazy twists and turns--you'll never see what's coming but you'll enjoy every second of it.
I got into this show when I ran out of things on netflix. I'm not usually a fan of shows from the CW because they are usually kind of terrible, or at least not great. I liked the idea of this show though. Kids get sent to a future earth where it is supposed to be uninhabitable. Definitely worth a try!
I first watched this on Netflix streaming looking for something new and was hooked. Had to buy it.
The 100 is like a fine wine: it's a show that only gets better with age. Although the first few episodes seem like typical CW-fare, the emotional stakes and characters continue to develop with each subsequent episode. The story beings when 100 juvenile delinquents are sent down from their space station to the war torn earth, to see if it is inhabitable many years after a nuclear apocalypse. Questions of morality, survival, sacrifice, and cultural politics are the central themes in the first season, and continue on for the rest of the show. The 100 dares to ask questions that other shows are too scared to even acknowledge. It's worth your time, for sure.In my opinion, the blu-ray release is the way to watch this show. With a gorgeous picture quality and an impressive audio track, you will get the most bang for your buck with this release. All 13 episodes from the first season are included in this set. But don't worry because season two is already out to marathon after you finish that intense and shocking cliffhanger at the end of the first season.
I bought this set as a Christmas gift to my sister and ended up watching the whole season with her.
I heard good things about this movie and I wasn't disappointed.
I love this new series. Please keep making these for many seasons.
Great series on blu ray! Been wanting it for a while now. Can't wait for the second season!
I couldn't wait till I could buy the entire season. Normally I wouldn't buy an entire season of any show. But I have to say this is the only tv series I have not had any bored moments of hurry up to some action than am interested in again.
I didn't know anything about this series when I purchased it. I thought the write-up on the back sounded good and seemed like something I would like. Just finished the 6th episode last night and it keeps getting better. If you like this sort of thing, you should enjoy!
Lot of action keeps you watching to the very end of the season
I enjoyed watching the season again. This program is very inventive and unique
My friend and I watched this entire show when it first aired and then purchased it and watched it all again just in time for season 2 to start. We love this show! This show has a little bit of romance/action/adventure/futuristic style to it if you like any combo of the aforementioned you will love this show!
Very nice first season I cant wait for the s3cond part
Great show at a great price. BestBuy still has the best deals.
Great show!!! A MUST GET FOR EVERY FAN OUT THERE!!!
If your looking for a show that changes it up you'll like this one
My son really enoyed it! We would recommend to all that like these kind of serious.
The 100 is well worth any sci-fi fan’s time, going all-in on its big concept and the many crisis that face its characters, both above and on the ground.
I didn't know what to expect from this show. I watched the first episode really enjoyed it and proceeded to read the book. Which I know now was a mistake and almost put me off the show but after starting episode two I ended up binging on the rest of the series. It's exciting and filled with a good looking and acting cast.
I wasn't sure what to expect from this show when I first saw a trailer for it, but season 1 was one of my favorite shows in recent memory. Really happy to have it on my shelf so I can marathon whenever I want.
Very good show. I like it a lot. Very good, thanks best buy.
It's a great way to catch up on the entire season couldn't take my eyes off of the DVDs they did a great job and it was reasonably priced it's the only place I could find it by it while you can!
This show is very well done and so far beyond what I would ever expect a show from CW to be like. Arrow, Flash, the 100..no wonder nobody watches nbc, cbs, or abc.
love this show, full of action and the making of it was great!
Great price for a blu Ray and overall great show!!
Another of CWs under the radar series. This is a great dysotopia series that fans of the genre will certainly enjoy. This is a can't miss show!
This is a great show. Sort of like a cross between lost and a space show. Great characters and acting.
The sentient bananas were a little weird, but still
Superb plot development elevated what could have been typical CW teen angst fare. Great SFX and worldbuilding made every new episode an improvement. No surprise really, given the presence of Jae Marchant, a former Dr. Who producer.
takes a bit to get going, but it is highly entertaining
I simply love it... You have to watch it.... First episode, I was hooked unto it, and can not stop wanting for more..
This is a better television show than I thought. Great DVD!
Great series on the CW, Full of twists and turns..
i really love the show and hope that the next season is even better than the first.
Great show. Nice that it comes with a digital copy.
It's a CW show so everyone is beautiful, but don't judge this show as just a bunch of pretty people. There is a lot going on and you can really have some complex issues to think about.
Awesome show !Like how they took the premise of Lord of the Flies and made it into this show.Season ended with a great twist.
I don't understand the varied reviews of this show. The "100" are juvenile delinquents released from their space station prison sentences to populate a radiated earth: earth is most likely not habitable. But down they go, and when they get to earth they not only experience a "planet" for the first time, but they also have just been released from prison. So imagine, 100 irresponsible criminals get dropped on an earth that hasn't seen a human in 97 years; you might expect to see some strange behavior and you do. The setting is pretty awesome, the characters are interesting and unless the writers completely drop the ball on the story, then you can expect a pretty good show. Also note, all the bad reviews have come from people who have just seen a single episode (who's expectations were probably unrealistic in the first place). This is one of the better pilots I have seen.
I watched the show when it aired on the CW and had to have it on DVD! I really love all the characters!
I will not give the shows plot away.in the top 10 best shows on tv. not better than some of the shows on hbo but very very good story line and picture is a 10
I would recommend watching it. It's an entertaining movie to watch.
Great show,good acting. It's just a good show from the beginning.
I love sci-fi – and this show caught my attention. I would compare this show to be similar to Lost (which I also love), and Lord of the Fries. The characters are believable, even the "bad guys" – the desperation and their willingness to do whatever it takes to survive made that show more exciting. There are times that I actually had to pause to gather my nerve before I continued watching. The plot twists, here and there, made it more exciting. I know this is a TV show and not real life, I do feel sorry for the characters that they have to fend for themselves. I watched the original on Netflix, and now I have the opportunity to get a Blu-ray copy. (I did buy the DVD version of this, but I believe the compression rate was set too high, and there were parts that were pixelated.) I am hoping for the second season to go on sale, and I will buy that, too. If a sci-fi show with younger characters is for you, you will not be disappointed.
I really enjoyed this series. I watched it on Netflix and seen it on sale one day and purchased and started rewatching.
I was not aware this was even a show until my wife had purchased this series. I had seen it in passing through the room she was watching it in, but never gave it a chance until later.It is a great show about the human power struggle of survival at almost any means necessary. This is a good show that does not have to base everything around drugs or violence. Though there is a fair bit of violence.
Quick delivery, incredible price, and great for anyone who like psychological thrillers. There is action, romance, sci-fi, and the theme of difficult decisions to survive. There is something for everyone here!
Would highly recommend the first and second season of "The 100"
Definitely a YA show but its pretty interesting, plot is rather simple but not too boring. Thinking about getting second season when it goes on sale.
I love this show. Great plot, characters, and scenery.
Amazing series altogether on all different levels of science fiction things.
Awesome series about the future. Must see! Very well done.
Keeps you wanting more, I just keep wanting to watch the next episode or season
Great price. Digital copy make the Blu-Ray worth it. Must see tv. Leaves you wanting more each season.
Great science fiction series. I will definitely pick up the other seasons when they go on sale
Kinda heavy on teen drama but it's a fun campy show that has some pretty intense plot twists and quality television beyond what you would expect.
I found this at a price that could not be passed up . The fact that it was in blu Ray and included Digital copy clinched it for me. Not only did I get Best buy member points, But Best Buy sometimes have promotions running under Mypoints that give up to 3000 Mypoints for in store purchases. I received 200 for buying The 100.
I had never even seen this show when I bought it from Best Buy, but I took a chance on it since it was at such a great price. I am very happy I took that chance, as it's now one of my favorite TV shows currently airing! The show looks and sounds amazing on Blu-ray, and I can't wait to pick up the next two seasons on Blu-ray as well.
Bough it on sale here and love to finally have this set! I love it
One of the better tv shows on at the moment. Even my mom likes it which is amazing for a show with action and sci-fi
great season and cast story line is amazing would watch again and again
Going in, I expected another run-of-the-mill post-apocalyptic teen drama. Well, it is that to some degree, but the writing so much better than the majority of what's out there. You grow to love characters that you originally disliked, and even become repulsed by a few of the likeable ones. Just as in real life, a character's actions can have deadly serious repercussions, but he or she may never actually see the consequences first hand. Main characters are constantly being muddied and bloodied physically and mentally, and at the end of the day the ramifications are real and none of them are above being killed off. When this realization sinks in, it truly makes for some very tense moments.
I binged watch both seasons in 2 days, suspenseful, exciting, and action packed series!!
My daughter and I watched it and we got hooked really quick. We watch shows like the originals, vampire diaries, walking dead, under the dome, defiance, revolution. Highly recommended
This has become one of my favorite series to watch on TV, the cast of people complement each to make a very enjoyable show.
I loved this movie. Can not wait for the follow-up seasons to be released. This is a Full Throttle movie
If you love Science Fiction show then this is for you!!
II'm not into TV shows but this one rocks, the characters are ones you can get to know. As the series progresses thru you ask yourself whats next the episodic style is awesome compared to the random episodes a lot of series do.. I recommend this show to anyone who wants to enjoy a good story and since this is only season 1 you'll b e like me at the end wanting to buy the next season to continue the adventure.
I loved this series so much I have purchased every season that comes out.
One of the best post apocalyptic series I've seen in a while.
One of the best t.v. shows out there. The stories are super exciting and really have you get involved. Great all around.
A post atomic world left from the ravages of nuclear extinction. A story of survivors trying to survive the world as it now is. A great bing watching series...
I was really pleasantly surprised how good this show is considering the books that it came from. Save yourself the time and skip the books and just watch the show. In fact I'd call it a must watch if you like either The Walking Dead or the The Road
Very suspenseful and edge of your seat show. I have not had much time to watch it but I like what I have seen.
Such an awesome show, glad I found it to add to my collection.
Season 1 is easily the best of the 3 seasons so far in my opinion. This bluray is excellent and is the first season of "100" youths exiled to a nucleur waste laden Earth (set in the not-to-distant future).
Love this Series, getting the other two seasons no
Great series with a lot of action and drama. Definitely worth watching.
One of my favorite tv series I finally found on blu ray and at a decent price.
I love sci-fi  and this show caught my attention. I would compare this show to be similar to Lost (which I also love), and Lord of the Fries. The characters are believable, even the "bad guys"  the desperation and their willingness to do whatever it takes to survive made that show more exciting. There are times that I actually had to pause to gather my nerve before I continued watching. The plot twists, here and there, made it more exciting. I know this is a TV show and not real life, I do feel sorry for the characters that they have to fend for themselves. I watched the original on Netflix, and now I have the opportunity to get a Blu-ray copy. (I did buy the DVD version of this, but I believe the compression rate was set too high, and there were parts that were pixelated.) I am hoping for the second season to go on sale, and I will buy that, too. If a sci-fi show with younger characters is for you, you will not be disappointed.
The 100 is well worth any sci-fi fans time, going all-in on its big concept and the many crisis that face its characters, both above and on the ground.
Love this product as it is not greasy and heavy feeling. The brown bottles seem to have a better scent than the white, waterproof bottles. For me, still the best product.
I've looked and looked, so glad I finally found this product, it is awesome.
For me this is the best suntan lotion on the market.
I use this product all season long. Keeps my skin moistured This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A friend recommended Austrailian Gold to me 4 years ago because my other lotion was causing rashes. No rashes with AG, and I will never use another tan lotion product.
I have used this for years but can't find the SPF 4 on the shelves unless it has bronzer in it. The bronzer is messy and stains. This one doesn't make a mess or stain.
I have been using this lotion for several years. So glad I can buy it online as it is not in stores.
I Love this product cannot find it anywhere so I decided to go directly to the website.. It was delivered in a timely fashion as well.. I'm very happy!
My family and I use this so much! It has great coverage, along with a tan, and smells great every spring break we stock up, but it never lasts!
I have used this since I was in 8th grade and still continue to. It is the best smelling lotion out there!
I love this product, but disappointed that I can't find it any place but on your website. keep this product!!!
I have used this tanning lotion for years, it has the best smell and keeps your skin soft.
This is the best product ever and is only available here
We love this lotion! The best smelling lotion on the market!!!!!
have been using SP4 for years wouldn't consider anything else
I am very pleased with this purchase. I cannot find this in any stores so I am happy that I can purchase this online.
I became a fan of Australian Gold years ago in Florida - it was not available at that time in CT so I managed to order it on line. Recently I notice this brand is in most discount and drug stores - but 4 is not so I looked at your website and delighted to see the array of products. I tan easily and 4 is just perfect for me - I get some protection and a very golden tan.
This is silky-smooth, easily absorbed sunscreen lotion with a light and fresh fragrance. My hubby loves it even more than I do and uses it more than I do!
I have been buying Australian Gold since around 1990 I believe. It's been so long I can't remember when I started buying it. It is the only lotion I will buy. I bought another kind way back when and I broke out in a rash and my face swelled up. Since using Australian Gold this has never happened. It keeps my skin moist and soft and I never feel dried out after being in the sun. I am a sun worshipper so I need to have some protection. I do not burn easy and find I like the 4 the best as I get a beautiful tan without burning. When out with my friends they are always using my lotion. Also I love the smell of the lotion. Everyone says I smell like a pina colada. I usually have on hand at least two or three and have a bottle in every beach bag. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been buying this for over 10 years. It id silky smooth and the coconut smell is fantastic. I would recommend this product to everyone. The best lotion on the market! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this sunscreen so much that I use it daily for my body lotion!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great as a sunscreen, I also love the scent and not greasy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In the summer we live outside! Once the deep tan has set in we still want sun protection that stays on and moisturizers. The only solution is Austrailan Gold SPF 4. The lotion keeps the darkest tan smooth and silky on the hottest days. Buy at least two for your beach days because everyone will borrow it! Best sun protection ever, based on over 45 years in the sun! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this 4 after I've built up my tan using a stronger SPF, and I know I'm getting my sun protection while smelling fabulous. Even when I'm not outside, I use the lotion to smell great. And, I get complements. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used the 4 lotion for years, I tried 8 but it was to much block I never got a tanned. I boat 5 to 6 days a week in the sunny waters of South Florida, I prefer lotion over spray, it keeps the surrounding area cleaner with no over spray The only Drawback is the stores in my area that carries Australian gold only stock spray sunscreens The best product Australian Gold has is the Moisture Lock Tan Extender, this product stops the hurt of a bad sunburn and my skin turns into a tan the next day this product is a miracle works wonders
So very happy that you had what I was looking for. Love this product
I have been using this for years. It not only protects from the sun but leave your skin soft because it hydrates. Would never use anything else!
This is the best and only tanning lotion that I use. Stumbled across it several years ago while at the beaches and haven't used any other tanning lotion since. Gives you a fast and beautiful tan and it smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used the particular lotion for years. But it is nearly impossible to find in retail stores anymore. I am very happy to be able to order it directly from the company. This lotion does not have the bronzer in it so it does not make a mess on your swimwear and towel.
I have Native American blood and this lotion gives me the richest, golden, dark tan I have ever had. Plus my skin stays hydrated This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just discovered this product. Will use as a year round total body moisturizer. Non greasy, goes on easy and just melts into your skin. The only draw back is that it has no availability in the traditional retail distribution channels.
I have been using Australian gold for several years and are very happy with the results.
I have been using this lotion for several years, this past year I can't find it at my local stores. I buy intone cruise ships whence cruise. I use SPF4 and reapply often. I have not burned and get allowing tan.
Use it every year for years now as sunscreen. Love it!
This lipstick stays on very well. It is very orange though.
I use to get this product from another company, but now that Lucky Vitamin sells it I will get it from here. The shipping is always quick and the price is very good
Your Hemp Organics Lipstick is perfect!!
I bought this for my mom, this is her favorite color and brand, she says it goes on well and has great staying power.
It is amazing how effective this is. My husband is allergic to our dog and she sleeps in our bedroom, so I kept this in our room. I could tell the difference when i had it on or off, the air was much purer with it on and if there was some kind of odor from our dog in our room the filter would get rid of it.
Overall a cute tongue in cheek comedy, with some decent cinematography at points but alas, it's like they took Expendables and actually tried too hard to not make it another Expendables.. Worth a rent on the dollar list.
Bought this because it was on sale because I enjoy most of the cast. Wasn't what I had expected, but not bad.
its a ok movie but it was a gift for somebody so I just bought it
Bought it on Black Friday, so the price was great. I like the movie as an easy to watch, typical shoot'em up movie.
I thought the movie was alright. I lost interest in it not even halfway through, but I did watch the whole thing. It does have action, but I prefer other movies over this one.
This movie was ok. Had to shut it off half way through. Red one was so much better. I was hesitant on watching the 2nd one and turns out I shouldn't have. The only thing good about the movie was that it was funny. For $7 or less watch it.
After seeing RED2 I wanted to see the first one because we enjoyed the second on so much. Was a little disappointed in the first one though as it is not as good as RED 2.
It's an alright action movie to watch once and awhile.
Would not buy the sequel. Just way too slow and rnding was bad.
Exciting and Funny. Can watch this several times. Terrific cast. Not too suspenseful.
Great cast! Action packed! Can't wait to see Red 2.
it is good movie, but not good as red 2. I saw red 2 first, and then want see red.
Good quality blu-ray with clear picture and sound. Reds is an amusing movie with a big star cast. Helen Mirren and John Malkovich are the most amusing and fun characters.
I had seen reviews of film but hadn't seen Red and it was humorous.
a funny movie with very good actors but confusing plot twists
Another comic book turns into a movie. But much more grown up than Superman.
This movie was entertaining, but not super great. Ok for a laugh.
Typical Bruce Willis movie. Lots of action with some funny one liners
A decent action movie to keep oneself entertained when not much else to do.
A movie for your parents who like older actors move to action film,
Before I bought the bluray I watched the movie a few times
Good movie and what a great price!! Best Buy has a great selection of awesome blu-ray at great prices.
Not the most impressive or exciting film, but it makes for an entertaining evening.
GREAT MOVIE BRUCE WILLIS IS GREAT LOVE THE PLOT THIS MOVIE IS A MUST HAVE AT A GOOD PRICE
Fun action movie with a star cast which keeps things moving at a fast pace
Red is one of the few comic book adaptations that gets it right.
Great Movie. Much better than the Standard Blu-Ray. Supports both HDR and Dolby Vision.Picture: 4/5Auido: 4.5HDR: 3 /5Extras 3.5/5
Action movie with Bruce Willis. Has a different perspective from other action movies. Husband liked the Die Hard movies, so figured this would be a good stocking stuffer for Christmas.
Great action and actors/actresses. A lot of great laughs as well.
This is a fun show. Maybe a little mindless, but who doesn't enjoy those shows now and again?
Red is one of those comedic action flicks that it is easy to enjoy as long as you are not expecting anything deep plot-wise. That said, Red is an extremely fun film and is certain to entertain.The HD transfer is top notch with superb contrast and audio
RED is a fun, entertaining movie. Good action. Good comedy. Usually can't go wrong when Bruce Willis has to shoot stuff.
The movie has a great story line and established actors. The love story between Willis and the girl is nice, but, weird.Great action, explosions, and acting.... What more can you want! Waiting for Red 2 this year.
OK, so no academy awards here but just fun characters, great action, decent plot, excitement, etc. What else do you want? the cast sort of tells you what kind of movie this will be so without spoiling anything, if you can get it at a good price - pounce and add it to the collection.
movie is really good nice movie to watch with your friends
For a Willis action film, RED has the most well rounded cast to balance out his humor. Although I was NOT aware that this was a film-only BD, the movie is great, and I got it for a good price.
Great movie with a good cast!! I can watch this over and over again. Can't wait to see the sequel.
Willis as willis - this old guys were spies film is a lot of fun.. much more than I expected. Look for Bones from Trek as the CIA guy. Only really negative - Mary Louise Parker - can't act - not that pretty - how did she get in this movie?
All star actors in an action packed feature! The comedy fits well with the movie.
I loved this movie!! I know it didn't get great ratings on rotten tomato but I thought it was witty, sometimes silly, and filled with lots of fun action.
funny for an action movie. Would recommend to anyone that is a Bruce Willis fan.
Fun action movie with lots of star power, action, and fun.
I always found myself looking at this movie but something always happen just when I get into it. So I decided that I needed to buy it to fully understand what is going on. It's a great movie for those who love action movies.
This was a nice sequel to the original movie. I think I would enjoy a third movie with more of Helen Mirren.
After seeing it on TV I had to have it so I could watch it when ever I wanted. A fun movie night flick.
Funny action with a good plot to keep it going and tie it together.
This movie has a great cast of well known actors. They really ratchet up the action.
Enjoyed this, lots of good actors and fun story. Well done!
Fun movie at a great price. Have to admit I like Bruce Willlis.
An action movie starring Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, John Malkovich, and Helen Mirren - how could I pass it up? RED is a rare blend of good banter, excellent acting, intelligent humor, and great action scenes. Highly recommended for the casual viewer and avid movie fanatics.
Saw this movie with the wife at the theater when it first came out and thoroughly enjoyed it. So when it was recently on special for $3.99 just before Christmas, it was a no-brainer. Time for another movie night with the wife...and maybe the kids...nah.
This is a great action comedy with a good cast and has a great story behind it.
Decent adaptation of the graphic novel enjoyable popcorn flick
Great cast line up. Entertainingly funny. Good price.
I thoroughly enjoyed the movie with a great cast of actors. I enjoy most of the Bruce Willis movies with only a few exceptions. A lot of action with only a few corny moments... Overall good movie.
Great movie--great acting--great plot. A must see movie!!
My wife bought this movie for me as a Christmas gift.
I really liked this movie! Movie played great in my bluray player. No complains about loading times or playback. Action Movie!
Great film to find for ~$5. Aging Helen Mirren as a sniper is just a weird image, so I couldn't pass this up.
Very good movie, actors are great and the plot is unique.
Very good movie ,good story lots of action.Alot of good actors
Really funny movie. Very good acting and awesome action scenes!
I like it. It's fun to watch all these stars are having fun in it.
Good movie. Funny at times. There is a really cool fire fight with a 50 caliber machine gun. During the scene there is great camera and sound techniques
I enjoyed this movie. It is super fun to watch John Malkovich, Helen Mirren, and Morgan Freeman what more could you want
I really like the actors, interaction, humor, and action. I liked it better than Red 2.
good movie to throw in and enjoy. great cast of classic awesome actors.
Thought it was going to be more violent or have more profanity than it did. The movie was better than I expected it to be.
If you like fast action Bruce Willis movies, this movie won't disappoint you.
This movie has lots of action in it. Kinda keeps you on your toes. Multiple artists keep it interesting also.
Entertaining movie. Lots of good actors. There is plenty of humor.
Gotta love bruce willis, mary louise parker, and john malkovich
I loved the first movie. This wasn't as good as the first movie but I really liked it. I think it's because of the actors involved in this movie. I would recommend it.
Red is a great movie for any fan of spy/action movies. Great cast, too!
This movie has a good balance of action and just the right amount of comedy to give it four stars.
I love the movie, love the plot and it was well casted.
Great movie! Lots of senior actors. Fun plot ... I want to grow up and be a agent too!
they had a great deal on the first one when they released the new one!
This movie is such a fun action adventure. Loved the actors and actresses.
A last minute purchase for a night of random action films and pizza. The dialog is witty, and the plot whimsical yet captivating. John Malkovich made me smile, Helen Mirror - what a vixen!
Funny movie with decent action. Love the Marvin character (John Malkovich),
Fun movie, very funny, great action sequences. Malkovich steals the show!
its a great part 2! Def not as good as the first, has some great funny and action scenes.
Exciting action movie. The actors did a great job and the story was thrilling.
Great to see these legends paired together in a cool acton picture like this one. The characters are very easy to identify with so the movie is engrossing and entertaining. Very cool movie.
I love all his movies so there is no reason to not watch this one. I say Red 2 is slightly better compare to this first one, but overall both movies worth a watch.
I like Bruce Willis movies, they'er funny with a good guy wins bad guy thing
The action and comedy was good plus I'm a fan of Bruce Willis and Helen Mirren
If you like to sit back and enjoy an action film, this one is for you.
Good movie for the action movie lover. Good to see these actors still making great movies.
This movie will not will any academy awards, but it's funny and entertaining. The kind of movie you could watch again and not know why.
I love this movie. Stellar cast that jells together VERY well onscreen. If you enjoy action movies with a ton of humor tied in, you will love this movie. There are so many subtle one liners that you will find yourself asking, "did I just hear that right?" and then bust out laughing.
must see good acting lots of action good ending and plot
A movie to watch and enjoy the action without a lot of thought needed. You got what is expected from the main leads, Willis, Freeman, Mirren etc, lately I've seen a bit of Karl Urban in a number of action movies and he does a good job as always. Fun to watch.
True over the top action and humor. The film surprised me
My army veterans loved this one they requested to watch it at least 2 times in 1 week
Funny and full of great action. Wonderful cast and plot.
It's a great story line. Retired CIA members who the CIA tries to kill but can't. The funny lines that come out between the actors is a classic. A good movie to laugh hour butt off
Happy with the Samsung smart tv for the price. easy functionality
Great movie with tons of laughs. Would recommend it for all ages.
Initially I resisted seeing this movie, but I turned it on and was surprised. Would recommend. Strong start although a little cartoonish towards the end. Still...worthwhile
The mixture of the cast and there missions makes for a story that led to what's next for the characters. I have both movies.
Interesting movie about ex CIA operatives. good acting by Bruce Willis.
Lots of dead bad guys. Kind of hokey. Probably was designed to be taken tongue in cheek. Helps us old people think we can still complete.
A funny, fun, action movie one of Bruce Willis best.
All the stars you want, all the action you need, and the laughs to seal the deal
a fun spy type movie that doesnt take itself too seriously
This was a good movie that was fun to watch about retired agents
Not for those who want to have a deep meaning experience
I like the one liners in the movie, particularly fro Bruce Willis. I like the whole setting for the movie
Lots of action in this movie. Great stars and fun to watch.
I really enjoy this show. It's not a thinker! Sit back, enjoy a bowl of popcorn and let it roll and don't think about it too much.
i really liked it a lot. it was money well spent :)
Loved this movie, and the cast is great. Seeing these folks work together in what I thought was a well though out plot was great.
The movie is good, funny, and action packed movie! My husband really likes the movie!
I wanted to add this movie to my collection, and the price was right.
It is funny. Great cast with one-liners in the script.
Fun story about retired spies returning to "business". Might work for family movie night if you don't mind blazing guns (bloodless though).
Hey,it'd a DVD,lol. Only can write so much about the quality ,which was fine.
This is a fun action movie with alot of familiar faces giving good performances. The special features are solid and the DVD is a great value for the price.
A good movie to kick back, relax and enjoy. The second one is better then this one if you haven't seen it yet.
I found the movie to be very enjoyable. It has a great cast of veterans actors.
I had seen RED2 before seeing the original RED film and enjoyed it a lot. This one was equally good, even though parts required a stretch to be conceivably real. You suspect they all had a blast making the film.
This is an action filled movie with an older crew and plenty of laughter in between
best bang for your buck.great action, great comedy.what more could you ask for?
It's a classic action /comedy. Big guns with some laughs thrown in
Great cast, this is a very well played out spy movie
This movie is fun. It has the good actors in it. Watch it and enjoy.
I liked this movie when it was released. Saw it on sale and added to library. Red 2 is just as good.
This is a very funny movie. There is some violence but it is done in a comical way and it is not violent like the movies of today.
Red has a sense of wit and whimsy as former agents are reunited against an unknown threat in their retirement.
Always fun to watch this film... very entertaining
The cast in this movie alone was enough to warrant purchasing this. The storyline was great and the dynamics between the characters was great. Cant wait to watch the sequel
Good Movie, fun to watch! Great action movie to watch
Surprisingly good! Action packed and quick moving.
Retired & Extremely Dangerous(RED) a funny title I thought but it was a good movie
Funny dialogue. And I liked all the actors in it. Not bad for retirees.
I love this movie!!! I had a very hard time finding a copy of this movie in stores on the day I wanted it. Best buy had it though. From now on they will be my first stop.
When I first saw this movie, I didn't have any expectations whatsoever, but after seeing it (several times), I can honestly say that this is move I love to watch. Just the right amount of action comedy and storyline.
I like when the older stars make movies it is always very interesting
Red is one of those films that gets better with each viewing. The cast, the story and the subject are flawless. It just gets better each time you see it.
Intelligently written action comedy doesn't disappoint
Nothing incredibly special about this other than the amazing cast, but it's totally fun and worth putting in for some mindless entertainment while you do other things over and over again.
Is a great action movie. My family and I enjoy very much.
Just a good movie all around. Funny with classic actors. Can't go wrong with this one.
Great movie and the price made it better. I would definitely purchase movies here again.
Funny movie with some old faces. Lots of fun and excitement.
Action packed, w/comedic attributes & big name actors/actresses !!!
RED is an action film with great performances by veteran actors, explosive action scenes, and plenty of humor. The film doesn't take itself too seriously, and for those who like action but cringe at blood and gore, this is a great choice. This Blu-ray doesn't offer any special features, but for a nice home viewing experience, give RED a try.
The acting is good and there is a lot of action. The characters are very engaging.
This was a great action movie. The only drawback to me was it sometimes got in its own way trying to add an artsy edge, especially with the transitions between scenes. Still, definitely worth watching!
Love the fact Hollywood brought together these timeless actors for an action-packed, funny movie!
An oldie but a goody. Big guns with some laughs thrown in
Simply a fun story and a new take on the spy genera.
This is a fun movie with a great cast. Action filled with witty comments.
Bruce Willis and Helen Mirren are great. Loved the fast-paced action and the storyline between Bruce Willis and Mary Kay Parker.
It is definitely an action film and was glad that it was so cheap to buy since i've been wanting to see this for awhile.
I liked this movie a lot. Good to see a movie featuring some of the older actors done right. Shows that just because you're older doesn't mean you can't do a good action movie.
I had been looking for this since last year and I was happy to find it for only $8.00
Gave this as a gift. Found out after getting it that the Blue-ray edition was cheaper than DVD.
An amusing farce, but not really for the small children.
Action packed movie that will put a smile on your face.
This was a solid movie featuring a lot of great actors. The director did a great job of applying both humor and action to the plot and the characters carried the movie the rest of the way.
Great quality bluray for the price. I would purchase it again
fun movie great cast glad to have on blu-ray now!!!
Excellent item at an unbelievable price. Highly recommend! You should definitely buy it!
Fun and entertaining movie. Likeable characters. Not as good as the second but a solid foundation for the franchise.
The movie have a lot of action, that you will not get up from your seat
This movie is a great mix of action, comedy and even a little bit of romance. Bruce Willis is good as always, Helen Mirren is wonderful, and the rest of the cast is great as well.
movie was priced right. movie was priced right. movie
I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed this movie. It has action, but also a very interesting story and characters.
movies are a good way to get out of real life and escape. this movie was good for that
It's action, comedy and Bruce Willis, need I say more! It's a witty action film with great actors that are not to old to let you know that they are still out here.
We watched this movie over and over. It was exciting and humorous.
This was pretty good , when the reties come together to protect each other . they they prove age is not a factor
We enjoy picking up the occasional movie on sale for times when we don't feel like watching television or our cable is out. Best Buy offers a good selection of older movies at a great price. And you can often find what you need by ordering online.
This action packed spy movie has comedy as well as great action fun.
An enjoyable movie with great actors. Definitely a good time watch.
great movie glad to own on blu-ray it now especially good price too
Good movie, great actors. Lots of action and comedy
Entertaining movie. A humorous story that the actors interact well with each other making for an enjoyable experience allowing you to forget reality for a couple of hours.
REDS is a great movie. Basically old farts that r still skilled at their old CIA jobs. It was on sale on Blu-ray so I snatched it up.
I wasn't too sure about this one since everyone was older and this was an action movie, but it was done with really good humor and still had plenty of action and entertainment. Surprised me in a good way, good movie!
This movie is so far fetched but it really cracks me up!
I love the tongue in cheek, dead pan humor of this movie. I assume it is the same in the graphic novel, but I have never read it.
Picked this up in the Blu Ray bargain bin. Great deal on a movie I can watch over and over!
This movie is an older, but good flic! Exceptional value for a Blu-ray!
This action-comedy has an all-star cast that works well together.
This is one fun & stylish action movie. If you liked OCEAN'S ELEVEN and THE MAN FROM U.NC.L.E., you get the idea. Two actors steal the show: John Malkovich with his insanity and Helen Mirren with her machine guns. The only drawback (not from the movie) is that the disc's audio is not lossless.
Great vehicle to feature these great stars in a fun action packed film
Fun spy humor for adults. A few clever twists for your afternoon entertainment.
Helen Mirren is an absolute bamf in this film. It's silly, and fun.
The action scenes in this movie are packed with some humors, this is a movie worth to watch and own.
An entertaining action / comedy with a wealth of good actors.
Good movie especially for fans of spy thrillers and CIA-type flicks. Bruce Willis is good here and so is the rest of the all-star cast. Definitely will watch this over and over.
Makes you laughs. Mary Louis Parker is so weird and funNY. I love the cast.
better is better.grate pitcherand sound.a must for a h.d.t.v.also glade that I added this to my t.v. package.would have been a mistake to not included it and at a good price
loved the concept of this flick. Retired CIA agents back in action. Excellent casting..Funny, action filled.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS FULL OF ACTION AND COMEDY. LOVED IT
Okay, if I must review--good movie for laughs
I purchased this product because I have seen this several times before, as well as RED 2 and I have enjoyed both, I think both are very good funny and action movies.
Very Good movie..Enjoy seeing all the famous and experienced Actors(s) doing this movie. Worth while
Once the 2nd Red came out, I realized how great the first movie was so wanted it for my collection.
No disappointment here. Loved this movie. I've watched it several times and will no doubt watch it more.
WYSIWYG
Can't beat ten bucks, even for a 3 year old movie. Was a new DVD. Came within the time frame Walmart gave (to the day). Movie is funny, witty dialogue, great actors and lots of great shoot em up scenes as well as some serious moments. Wanted to watch it again before going to see RED 2.
Works good and enjoyed the movie
Excellent movie, see second movie.
I lve this movie and just wanted an inexpensive DVD version. This did the trick!
This has many great aspects to it. It's hilarious, and full of action. Has the well known action actors in it, as well as some unexpected ones. Haven't seen the second one, but if it's anything like this one, I'd love it too.
I just really like this movie. Very tongue in cheek
Great movie with an excellent cast of legendary actors
A bunch of retired CIA/hitman types proving they aren't too old for this S kind of movie. A good balance of action, drama, and comedy.
Awesome movie. John Malkovich steals the show, he is hilarious.
Great overlooked movie and excellent rransfer to 4k.
Very good movie to watch on 4k and has Dolby Vision also.
Red is a great action film, with an awesome cast. The 4K transfer was very good and a significant upgrade from the blu ray disc.
Has a very good plot and super actors. One of my favorite movies.
You can tell all the actors had a great time making this. Good action, a lot of laughs and great chemistry between all the leads.
This is one of our family's favorite movies and now we can watch it whenever we want
I bought this on Black Friday without having seen it in theaters. It turned out to be a pleasant surprise, great plot, great casting, a very enjoyable movie.
Really enjoyed this movie and could not wait for the second one to be released. Great actors.
I enjoy almost every movie Bruce Willis is in. It's action and adventure with plenty of explosions and gun fights!
Hilarious! I recommend it to everyone. The cast is outstanding, they work so well together.
Really enjoyed the actors in this -had great characters to play! Starts a little slow, but once the first team comes to take out Bruce Willis' character -the action just go, go , goes! Loved John Malkovich, Helen Mirren and Morgan Freeman. The cast just really worked together well and made a great team.
Just a bunch of older actors, playing the part of older spies, put out to pasture. But, these older guys find themselves being bumped off, one by one. Their retaliation is a hoot to watch! It's exciting, funny, and makes you wonder why more movies aren't this entertaining?
watched five times so for, don't miss it, one of the best this year
Our family loves all the stars in this movie.It did not disappoint. The film had serious parts, humor and above all plenty of action.It's nice to see movies being released that don't depend on special effects to try to entertain.
THIS MOVIE IS JUST GREAT. A LOT OF ACTION. FIRST HALF BETTER THAN SECOND HALF.
Just seen the movie RED. It is the best movie I have seen so far. I love that Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis have teamed up again for another great movie. Love the action and the post cards with the greetings from... I love John Malkovich as Marvin and the pig that he brought with him. All around great action movie.
It's the perfect movie. Funny, exciting and a good plot. Yes it has a real plot, not just a bunch of special effects. Actors are great. It's a movie to rewatch every once and a while.
Loved the movie so much had to buy it. Great action/comedy
one of the best all around light hearted action movies of all time. perfect for someone who wants actions, but not all the gore that goes with most. my mom loves this movie, in fact, this copy was for her for mothers day. need i say more. love this movie, its always on the list for when company comes over or we just want something fun & exciting to watch
Good action movie to add to a collection. Loved the characters
RED is a great movie. It's entertaining without using nudity or lots of gutter language.
This is one of the best films where you can get all of some great old acting talent and put it to great use!!! This movie came out perfect! It must have with a second one coming out soon and it also is highly anticipatted!!
This is a great movie with lots of action. Lots of big time actors.
A creative movie with classic characters, bought for an excellent price!
Love the way that they've taken some of our aging stars and turned them into a bunch of bad ^$$es... Can't wait to see RED 2...
I love this movie and had to have it on BluRay. Great plot and awesome action!
Pure entertainment showing don't ever sneer about experience. The "old people" in this one shows how clever some of the older generation can be. Just pure entertainment.
I love this movie. To me, it is one of the better Bruce Willis movies.
exciting kick-butt action movie.Die Hard meets Cocoon
Great movie. Fast moving, always interesting. Lots of action but actually has a plot. Great seeing actors that we know in great rolls.
I think this movie has great potential to become a classic. It might not surpass other comic book movies but it definitely pulls its own weight.
Could not find this movie anywhere after seeing it on HBO. Thanks to Best Buys
I haven't felt as good watching a movie since 2003's Pirates of the Caribbean. Unexpected lines and juxtapositions lift this tale. Okay, so the story is very improbable...not to worry given that part of the movie experience is suspending our disbelief.Bruce Willis charms. John Malkovich is humorously irascible. Morgan Freeman gives us his usual likable best. Helen Mirren wields an assortment of guns. And Mary-Louise Parker shows us how facial expressions and muffled sounds can turn a story line and spice up a story.There's not a single member of Willis's reunited team I wouldn't like to be around. There they are, seeking first why Bruce Willis is in the crosshairs, then why seemingly random people are getting murdered and finally bringing the evil-doers to a just end.
The movie was very enjoyable, and I've recommended to others...
It was worth it see Helen Miren as an assassin....need I say more? But I will, the move is a roller coaster ride form city to city, and on top of action there's cheeky humor.
I suspect these great actors had as much fun making this film as I had watching it. Not a classic in the traditional sense
The only way to make this movie better is to buy it on Blu Ray! Great writing, no slow or dull spots, beautifully filmed action sequences, and the cast are just great together.
Good movie with humor and action to keep me entertained throughout
A fun over-the-top movie with lots of action and laughs
haven't seen it, but heard that its an amazing action movie. giving as a present.
I really enjoyed this action movie. Has a lot of older, fantastic actors in it.
I loved watching this movie. plenty of twist and turns, to keep you watching the out come. all the actors did well. I'm glad they made a part 2 for the movie. I hope they continue making more parts for this movie.
I love all Bruce WIllis movies, this one is no exception. Him and Morgan Freeman were great together. Looking forward to RED 2. You will enjoy this movie.
Bruce Willis and John Malkovich are great in this movie. It is full of action but has great one liners through out the film.
Loved the movie. My husbands favorite series of movies.
One of the better spy movies out there. I bought it because my wife wanted to see Red 2, and I felt it would be better to see the first movie first. It's one of the few movies I own that I've watched more than twice.
excellent movie with alot of action . the plot is believable, where the actors make you laugh out loud.
Fantastic Spy film about the CIA trying unsuccessfully to "retire" some of their retired operatives... Great action and humor by entire cast!
I orderd on line and picked it up at the CS Desk at BB great system. they were friendly at the Morrow Ga BB store
I orderd on line and picked it up at the CS Desk at BB great system. they were friendly at the Morrow GA store
This movie is one of those gems mixing humor, action, and bits of drama. It was a must have for my movie collection. John Malkovich was the best.
Bruce Willis is great in this movie. Good movie with humor & lots of action.
Very satisfactory very very good products! Very very good,,,',,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
I first saw this movie at the theatre and it was very entertaining. Watching these more mature actors in an action movie was fun.
Awesome movie, hands down. Great action with a little comedy
I really enjoyed watching this film. I was fast paced and never lack for action. Kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the show. Get it yourself and see. Very funny as well.
bought it for my boyfriend. he enjoyed it. happy with the price and how quickly it arrived.
Good cast and very funny action film.Worth watching again
It is a creative spin on secret agent work. The actors played their parts perfectly, especially John Malkovich.
Great movie that is funny and action packed. the second red movie is just as good too.
Great variety of actors!, great action!, humorous!
The cast made this one of the most fun movies I've seen. You come to expect action from Bruce Willis, but Helen Mirren was soooo good
I wasn't expecting too much from this film but I was pleasantly surprised by this great little movie.The amazing cast helps drives this film along and the idea of an aging team of assassins lends itself to some great comedy moments that sit nicely alongside the action scenes.
funny movie, my daughter who loves pigs loves the part with "open the pig"
Good movie, very funny most of the time, I like all the actors in this movie.
A great movie, very funny with lot's of action. 'the way the relationship between the main characters is funny and makes you want to root for them to be together.
love the movie and ability to get it at a great price!
The Movie was great with the action and shooting people.
I loved this movie. Everyone is wonderful in his (or her) part. Can't wait to see RED 2.
good movie, plenty of action and intrigue, interesting plot twists
I liked the movie but the first was a lot better. I was not expecting a lot because it was a sequel. It is worth a watch.
I like the idea that getting old doesnt mean you gotta slow down, just another chapter in life
Great movie, Bruce Willis does fantastic as always. Karl Urban was a surprise hit for me in this movie doing a fantastic job. Much better than red 2.
RED is a great movie with an All-Star cast. All the actors portray their characters flawlessly and make this an easy watch for anyone wanting to have a good time watching a movie.
This is a very good movie. It does stray a little but is a joy to watch. I just don't like that there are no deleted scenes or outtakes on this disk. The DVD version at least has one deleted scene on it. But was worth buying.
Bruce Willis fan and always like his movies. Lots of Action.
the characters provided an explosive return to be the best
Lots of action and full of humor. It was very entertaining.
Great movie. Great plot. Great price. It's a great movie to own.
Plays very nice! Great picture and film! recommend to everyone!
Great fun with these older actors. John M. can be menacing, but here he is hilarious. No oscar contender but great to watch
On of my favorite Bruce willis movies. I enjoyed all the action and well placed jokes
Had seen this and wanted a copy of my own. Good comedy that really pokes fun at the various spy networks and countries.
Great movie, much better then the sequel. I definitely recommend this if you have not seen it yet.
I loved this movie since I first saw it and have been looking for it for a long time at a great price and I did!
This is a great movie, hope the sequel lives up to this.
Best second movie I have seen - better than the original RED.. and I liked that movie. Funny flick keeps your attention and never stops with the action!
What a hoot! A bunch of Retired, Extremely, Dangerous operatives get to make the "New Kids on the Block" look foolish & take care of the bad guys at the same time!
Such a good movie, had to buy to watch it over & over.
Great cast, good story and after watching the movie, had to purchase Red2 to see what happened next!
I love a great comedy, the cast of this movie was all top notch actors and really worked great together
We love this movie! The plot is good with a lot of twists and turns that are often delivered in humorous ways. Yet the humor only adds to the plot and doesn't detract from the basic story line as with lots of comedy. The humor is understated and not slapstick or overdone as with some comedies. This is a great show!
I loved the movie, I thought 2 was even better than 1 not sure if they will make another one, but I hope so.
Good movie in general. Shows off the capabilities of a home theater system!
This movie was a great one to add to my collection! The combination of Willis and Malkovitch is hysterical. The action was just perfect and the story line was cute. And was even better after they made the sequel!
Great story with comedy, action, good story, great actors, and even a touch of romance...kinda. Bruce is great, but everyone seems to be having so much fun that everyone is stealing the show from him. It makes for some great ensemble and a movie to watch and rewatch.
It's good action/comedy about retired spies or agents getting back into working to help a fellow spy who's also retired. They have elite skills and give active agents a run for there money...It has a lot of funny scenes... It's a movie that could be watched over and over.
This is a very funny movie with great actors. There is a lot of action, some of it funny and over the top.
It is very good DVD. I think Sound and resolution is good.
Great dc comic conver to movie. if you like Bruce Willis you will like this. John Malkovich is great.
I saw Red 2 first and had to get this movie just because the second is awesome. Red 1 lives up to my expectations and more!
Red is a great movie. Hilarious plot and love all the actors.
Fun Movie with great action, plot and wonderful cast. The pace was great and the special effects were pretty spectacular.
I enjoyed watching it and have seen it already twice.I enjoyed watching Bruce Willis.
A great sequel if you enjoyed the first installment. Entertaining action and story.
Great movie! I would recommend this movie to everyone.
I LOVE this movie!! The cast is fantastic and the chemistry between them is wonderful. We laughed (and almost cried) through the movie. This movie is worth seeing over and over again! All of the cast give 100%!!!
Special features makes this worth the price ($5). Check out the deleted scenes.
One of those surprisingly unexpected awesome action/comedy movies that I thought was going to be boring because of the over powered cast. It turns out to be funny with some good action.
This movie caught me by surprise when I saw it on cable.I had no idea what it was all about when I watched it (nothing else was on) and I got sucked in! Who says ya gotta be a washed up-has been just because your age has moved north of fifty?!?? Young people take a hint.It's called EXPERIENCE BABY (and LOTS OF IT in the case of this cast!)
Bought this dvd for my dad for Christmas and the whole family loved it!
Bought this movie for my Dad and he seemed to really enjoy it.
This movie isn't just a good movie it aslo has alot of great actors...Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis ect. Even better I got it for less then $10!!!
This is a great movie with a great cast and great dialogue. It's also one of those rare instances where the sequel is better than the first.
Most modern comedies are rather tepid when it comes down to it; this one is absolutely hilarious. It also has some of my favourite actors, like Karl Urban and Helen Mirren.
Love this movie. It had to grow on me but I think it is hilarious.
From start to finish this movie will keep you entertained. It has excitement, humor, love, laughter. It has it all.
This video/movie is worth buying and viewing. It is fast moving and fun to watch. You're not always sure what's going to happen next. The actors are fantastic.
The move is enjoyable while being different. The characters are great with exceptional actors portraying each.
I was surprised after all of the ads about this movie that it really was as good as they said it would be. Best action movie Bruce Willis has made.
Great movie. When the second movie came out I had to go see it at the theater. Lots of action and surprises, as well as some great humor.
This movie and its sequel are great additions to any video library. It's fast, funny and has a great plot that's executed by very talented stars.
This was a fun movie to watch, just the right blend of comedy and action.
Great movie for any agegroup. John Malkovich is hilarious.
LIked this and its predecessor! Good buy to re-watch! Keeps your attention as well as entertaining.
I had to watch this 3 times, and loved it each time. So funny!
This is a very enjoyable movie, not recommended for young children, however a very entertaining movie with high quality actors.
Great movie, Bruce Willis doing some great acting and I love the pig.
Since the movie RED2 came out I wanted to watch RED but I couldn't find it until I looked at Best Buy. When I saw it I had to have it. Excellent movie.
This movie was alot funnier than I thought it would have been. Love watching it.
I enjoyed both Red movies. For the same reasons. Great plot, acting and directing. Hope there will be a Red 3
Enjoyed the movie with great headliner actors, lots of action and humor.
Great movie, only surpassed by the sequel, Red 2.Humor is delicious, especially in light of each character.
Love this movie! Great plot and funny throughout. There is violence and language but otherwise its a clean movie.
Have RED 1 & 2, and are both full of action with a good plot.
Action filled fun, very enjoyable, now need to get Red 2
LOVE THIS MOVIE AS WELL AS IT'S SEQUEL! I'm a huge Bruce Willis fan though so I'm easy to please when it comes to him.
great movie, kept me entertained throughout the whole thing!
I love the cast and the movie was very action packed and some funny adult humor.
John Malcovich and Bruce Willis are hilarious in this first of two movies. The whole family watched while laughing throughout the movie. Would watch over and over.
This is a fantastic movie filled with great humor and action! A must see!
My husband and I both really like this movie. It's got the action for him and the humor for me.
Great movie, has all the right elements: violence, humor and intrigue. They did this one right!
I enjoyed this movie because it has action and humor. My elderly step dad thought it was too violent.
Fan of Bruce Willis moviesa friend recommended this one to watch! Plenty of action and comedyworth watching over again!
We LOVE this movie!! The cast is fantastic and the chemistry between them is wonderful. We laughed (and almost cried) through the movie. This movie is worth seeing over and over again! All of the cast give 100%!!!
I enjoyed the action and the actors in this movie! It was very enjoyable
This was great movie for guys. It has action and comedy put together very well.
I really like this movie. The pacing is good, there is a lot of action, and humor. The actors are very good and the plot is interesting.
I was only going watch this movie because it had John Malkovich, but was really impressed how the movie worked out. I had never read the comic books so i don't know if it stayed true to its origin. Would recommend to everyone,not matter what their movie preference is.
Great movie with an all-star cast. Worth watching multiple times
Great Movie...enjoyed it with my husband and family
I love this movie. It is action packed movie that doesn't take itself to seriously. I laughed and enjoyed the story. Not to mention the action and acting is top notch.
Excellent movies to add to my collection, Intersting twist at the beginnning and action and himor was great
Good pic quality.Good pic qualityGood pic quality.Good pic qualityGood pic quality.Good pic quality
Love this movie. This was an action packed movie with plenty of comedy to make it worth while to own! Great movie to watch at anytime.
This movie is hilarious from opening to closing credits. It definitely is an unusual ensemble cast, but the chemistry really works. It's a must see action movie.
Fun movie , like the characters and story line. Like the sequel too.
Keeps your interest during the entire movie, lots of fun to watch
Every character is perfect! Each cast member delivers an engaging performance that drew me in and kept me wanting more. The surprises and twists made for great entertainment. If you like action and comedy, you will love this! Better than the "Die Hard" series of films from Bruce Willis!
The movie is a refreshing change from the intense Shooting and Chasing in action flicks. The added humor in this movie is really refreshing!! The only thing better is RED2!!
Saw this at the theater when it released, had to own it...now own it and its nearly equal sequel: RED 2. I wont go into plot, action, or such critical review of the movie, we all know there are better places for those details. However, suffice it to say that this movie delivers and the disc does not disappoint...a must have for the avid movie collector.
Awesome cast and the plot and action are great! I would recommend this movie to all.
This is a funny, well written and action packed film! The chemistry with the cast makes it even better!!!
This movie has everything. Action, drama and comedy. 4 stars
This movie is funny, has action and a love story for those that like that. Great story also
If you like Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, and John Malkovich and you love action movies you should pick up this one!
Action drama intrigue all those things a guy needs and enough for the ladies so they'll watch it with you.
Lots of action great actors,was very entertaining,drama with some comedy made good story line
Talking ABOUT funny high intensity scenes sharp vivid photographer shots where they filmed gorgeous landscapes bruce Willis funny as ever
loved the movie, loved the price, great customer service
One of the few start studded movies that showed the best talents of each star.
I enjoyed "Red", it has some old school themes to it. The characters are all names that we've watched on the screen for years and it's nice to see how they have matured and still remained fun to watch. I'm looking forward to "Red 2", the trailers look good so far.
Liked the whole cast and hope there is a third movie ...
Action, Action and more Action. This is a must have.
Good movie. Good quality. Runs great after one year.
bruce is good in red so is the rest of the cast The action is of the chain.
Best Bruce Willis movie since die hard. Great cast and funny movie
This is by far one of the best movies ever. I know I've seen it about 50 times since it came out.
Bought both this and Reds 2 at the same time (figuring we needed back ground for 2 and we had been told 2 was better, so we figured we needed both.) Actualy liked 1 better than 2. Bruce Willis is great in both though.
I rented the sequel and laughed so hard watching it. I just had to go buy the first installment to see how it all began. John Malkovich's character is by far my favorite. "I'm getting the pig!"
Great movie! Lots of famous people in it. Makes for a great show
ENJOYED IT ADDED IT TO MY HOME COLLECTION,LOVE VIN DIESEL
It's a great action packed movie. I loved it. It was very unpredictable.
Excellent cast. Great acting. A great comedic action film.
I love this actors, even they're getting old ; they still awesome
Action packed and comical! Can't get any better than that!
Red is a great take on what happens to semi-retired spies or mercenaries. Does anyone ask that? of course, and here's one answer. Deftly written, characters are endearing and quirky. Bruce is great. Helen is tremendous. John M is creative and crazy. So much fun, and then there's the equally great sequel. Get them both.
This movie is hilarious!!! And you can't beat the all-star cast. Definitely recommended and a family favorite. Warning: there is quite a bit of violence.
Love this movie. Since my daughter snaked my copy on dvd, i picked up the bluray version.
Excellent casting, very funny at times, lots of action. Great cast
I kept missing this movie on Fios so I finally got to watch it even though I had already seen the sequel.
The movie was awesome, it was in stock at the store and the price was very fair.
Action packed and full of edge of your seat thrills.
Great new spin on the idea of the spy who leaves retirement and comes back to settle old scores. Right combination of action and comedy, does not take itself to seriously.
Hilarious movie that brings a new meaning to the words Old School. Kept me watching and laughing the whole time.
The story line was full of surprises and the actors were great!
Action movie x-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxcccccccxcc
I can enjoy watching this movie multiple times. I am glad to have added it to my collection.
Bruce Willis is Bruce Willis, Very Good Story and Action, I will buy Red 2
I can watch this movie over and over again. It has action and suspense and witty characters. It's great entertainment!
Bruce Willis at home in another action role meant for him.
If you need a great laugh with great action and comedy this is the movie for you!
I am not into action packed movies but I must say I loved this one! The subtle pieces of comedy really add to the movie as well. I have watched this over and over! Definitely worth purchasing. I then rented Red 2 and it did not disappoint.
Great movie and got it for a great price. Highly recommend!
Great movie. So much fun to see an older group of actors do such a fun movie with so many little interesting plot twists. Really enjoyed this movie.
Fantastic cast! Awesome actors come together and provide a well rounded movie with humor and action. Excellent job!
I enjoyed the Reds 2 but this is my go to version.
The movie was great. The DVD worked properly and the price was right.
I got this for the action and it delivered the whole time.
This top rated cast presents a fast paced scenerio. Gets tension flowing.
This is a great action packed movie. Bruce Willis is great.
If you like the amazing cast, you will like Red...a well executed comedy/action movie. It's a steal at Best Buy while the sale lasts!
the cast helen mirren ,bruce willis is amazing . morgan freeman
Always has been one of my favorite movies. Got it on sale at my local best buy and I'm happy to have bought!
I like this movie because it is funny but is an action film as well. It's a good mix of humor and action.
RED is a terrific fast paced and well acted movie with terrific actors creating great characters.
Great movie. Love Bruce Willis. All the movies are good but this one is great.
Lots of action and comedy to enjoy in this hollywood flick.
The movie we purchased was very entertaining and had alot of our favorite actors.
We've seem this many times and it was just time to put this movie in our personal movie collection
Its funny and action packed. all star cast are all stellar.
Great ensemble cast, cool plot, lots of laughs, mixed with some cool action. I pop this DVD in when I want to see some light funny action flick.
Enjoyed this on cable. Now it's great to have it on DVD.
We've watched this movie multiple times...great characters, great actors, witty, funny, action-packed
Great movie with a great cast. Lots of action. Some humor.
A good clean movie with enough craziness to be funny. Reminder: Don't underestimate those of us who ask for the senior coffee at McDonald's!
Terrific movie. I would definitely recommend it to a friend!
GREAT CAST. WELL PACED. VERY ENTERTAINING.AN INCREDIBLE ROLE FOR HELEN MIRREN
It's Bruce Willis enjoyed it what else to say but it's Bruce Willis.
This movie was a pleseant surprise. I enjoyed all of the action and jokes. I encourage people to give this movie/franchise a shot
a must see if you haven't seen it! one of my favorite movies!
Saw it in the movie theater and loved it so much I had to purchase it.
It is a great movie that I enjoyed watching. I would recommend it to my freinds
I have been putting seeing this movie off for a while. Im glad I purchased it. Now I want to see part two.
One of the years best movies. Bruce Willis is a comic
lots of fun actions. these actors are great together.
Excellent image quality, easy to setup using provided documentation and setup disk.. Flexible computer connectivity using either a VGA or HDMI cable. I chose to use a HDMI cable. Monitor image very detailed from edge to edge. I was able adjust display image to my liking using ample on-board monitor controls. Sales representative was very helpful and well informed on product specifications. I am very satisfied with this product.
It turned out to be really good. Bruce Willis did a great job.
Hey any movie with Bruce Willis, and the rest is all right in my book.
Love this movie, lots of action and comedy. The actors are great
I live Bruce Willis and he didn't let me down in this movie
This is a great movie. Loved Helen Mirren and there is a lot of action and it is also very funny!
This movie is so full of high caliber action stars, that even just the sound of it makes it the best ever. Witty and action packed. Perfect combo
Action filled and hilarious. Enjoyable action film.
Movie was good, it had a lot of action and it was funny as well.
This is a non stop action movie. Bruce willis is still one of a kind actor.
One of the better movies. DVDs are the way to go, unlike dinosaur VCR tapes.
I highly recommend this movie, great cast and action
I bought this as a Christmas gift for someone. This movie is very entertaining. Helen Mirren steals the show!!!
Funny movie, definitely one of my favorites. Red 2 is also good!
I don't know how this slipped past me in the theaters. It was very funny and entertaining.
get this movie. If you like it, Then you will really like RED 2
Fun movie with lots of big stars. Even my teenagers liked it.
Both "RED" and "RED 2" are among my most favorite movies!
Can beat the Great prices and service was fast and friendly.
Awesome movie with a lot of action and good actors.
My husband loves this movie so much, I got it in Blu-Ray for him as an anniversary gift.
Cute, funny, action packed, loved it..............
Plenty of action. I enjoyed this movie. I would recommend this movie if you like action.
Both Red and Red 2 are very entertaining with a great cast.
He loved it... I'm thinking of coming to buy Red 2
bruce willis is so good in this movie i really think this is a movie you check out
WE bought RED 2 and liked enough to get the first one. Helen Mirren is awesome.
I had this movie on dad and had to have it on bluray. Such a great movie.
This is A good movie for the whole family! And red 2 is just as good. We loved it.
This movie is highly entertaining. Always a good time.
I've been waiting to buy this movie but it was on a whim. I've enjoyed it immensely. Got to love Bruce Willis.
A thriller with a great cast, definitely recommend.
This is one of my favorite movies. I'm hoping that they will ome out with number 3.
Great Movie to add to our collection. Great customer Service!
Opening Scene: The mundane daily routine of a retired CIA Covert Operative is exposed  it was routine. The show is most likely one of the best spy  counter spy flicks that I have seen. With a superb blend of senior casting, sensitive directorship, and a very well-written plot-line of pure table-pounding action/intrigue entertainment this is the type of film you will visit again, and there is a twist around every corner that is guaranteed to keep your interest up! It is interesting that the plots star character, Frank [Francis], is a pure romantic with a hard exterior but is soft and gooey on the inside.
This movie is great. You have fighting, people blowing up stuff, and humor. My kind of film
Red and Red2 are awesome! I loved seeing these actors. It was great to see actors as they age. They still have so much to offer in good movies!
Red is a goofball movie. "It's saying that in the good old days, or at least in the good old movie days, our killers were good-time guys."
great movie very action packed and just exciting in general
I watched Red 2 before the first one. Red is a great movie with action and humor.
John malkokvich is so funny in this especially when he bats a gernade
Great action movie, with a great story. A must buy if you are a fan of Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman or Helen Mirren.
Loved this movie and found it on a fabulous sale. Couldn't pass it up. Hilarious and action packed.
a good action/comedy movie. always love how morgan freeman acts
Lots of fun and action. Sometimes, I got the impression that the entire script was played tongue-in-cheek, but it's more than that.
An all star cast that will make you laugh and leaving you wanting to see it again.
Some movies you watch once and then never again. This movie you can watch over and over and always see something new to laugh at.
Action pack movie. Has some funny parts to the movie, but really enjoyed it. Old friends coming together after a long time. Must watch!
I had heard about this movie when it was in theaters. Everyone who saw it said it was great. It was on sale and I purchased it and it was a very good movie and can be watched again instead of just once in a theater.
A Great Blu-Ray movie! This is one to have in hand.
Great movie. Very entertaining. You won't be disappointed.
I highly recommend checking out the bins at the end of the movie aisles for great deals on classic movies at reduced prices. I have found some of my favorite movies here.
Great! Got on clearance, so was a good deal for me.
Whoever did the casting for this movie should get an award. An unlikely crew with an unlikely story add up to some great laughs and lots of action. Malkovich's character is hilarious!
Had to by this movie Bruce willis is one of my favorite actors
Picked it up for $4.99 sale to add to my collection. Have always loved this movie.
I love the movie and its a great quality disc. Best Buy always has great deals.
Great characters, good action, fun movie to watch.
I got this movie in the clearance bin, and really enjoy it.
My Mom raved about this movie. I wouldn't have seen it if she hadn't recommended it.Fun!
Great movie that we have loved for years. Bought the movie to add to our blue ray collection. Would recommend it for everyone
Enjoyable, my wife loves watching this movie. Fun, some violence, language not over done in swearing. We watch it again and again.
It is rare to find a movie that is packed with so many stars of the screen and is not a movie in which the stars carry a flimsy or non existent story line (script). This movie Red has a solid script and story line and so many stars of the screen that I had to take my shoes off and use my toes to count all of them. I found it amazing that none of the stars stole the screen over the others and the camera loved watching them work together a team to provide a very rich experience that sucked me into the movie.
Awesome movie. Lots of great action and funny scenes.
Love the Red movies. They are exciting and fun. It was on sale and cheaper to buy than rent.
Great Movie!!!! But it! Very funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This movie is great, and finding it at such a low price made our weekend perfect!!
We have enjoyed this action packed movie and all the actors in it!
We love this movie. We have purchased it several times because games and movies seem to grow feet at my house.
I recommend this to anyone looking to enhance their blue ray collection
Good movie - great story - lots of action - can't go wrong
Bought the first one and love it. The second one is even better.
found movie in clearances bin . very happy I bought it
I admit when I first watched this movie I didn't expect much. I think I went to see it at a dollar theater to pass some time but it turned out to be a really fun trip. I found this in the bargain bin at Best Buy during Christmas and decided to get it for a family member since I figured they (like me) would not have sought it out on their own.
Best action/comedy I've seen for a while. Excellent price
Great Characters, Movie, Plot. It has it all. In fact I would recommend Red 2.Entertaining and Enjoyable. All you could want for a Movie Night.
I really enjoyed this movie which is why I bought this copy on blu-ray. The price was very affordable.
I've been wanting to see this movie for a long time. I saw it on sale and realized I had some free time. I had a Red/Red2 marathon. They are now two of my favorite films!
This is a funny yet still a awesome movie with plenty of action, cant wait to watch the 2nd one.
it jas alot of adventure and great movie and would recommend to friends
One of the best movies geared toward the older audiences! Even my kids love it!
My wife loves this movie so we had to buy it, not many movies that I enjoy that she likes to watch
Cool movie with a fun story attached. Great movie for bringing in the truly great actors
Just adding to the collection. Was on sale for $3.00
This movie is funny and exciting and full of action. I love that the actors are older spies. They work so well with each other so that you believe that they have known each other for a long time. This adds to the story and pulls you in.
Great movie i would reccomend it to a friend. Best buy always has a great selection of movies.
Love it! Everyone should watch this! It is really good.
As the first of 2 so far, this is excellent. Great action. Keeps you wondering how it's going to end. Enjoyed it a lot.
Great balance of humor and action. Many talented stars.
John Malkovich is at his weirdest best in this action packed thriller.
Good movie with a good cast and plenty of twists in the plot.
This is just a funny movie. How can anyone not recommended this
This is a really great movie. It is very enjoyable. The 2nd one is not as good.
What's not to love with a cast like this and all that action
The movie was good and customer service was excellent.
All the elements of an action film along with biting humor and sarcasm.
If you retire well and stay in the swing of things, you, too can... well, if you were a 007 level operative, you can keep a semblance of your youth. AT least for this team....
This is a great action move but like the storyline as well.
This movie was very funny and shows the lighter side of some great actors/actresses. Though some may view the plot as dubious, that is not the reason for watching this film. Watch these great folks deliver some really funny stuff.
This movie is a great comedy with a brilliant cast of characters. It is great to see an action film made into a comedy.
A very excellent and entertaining movie. It is pure entertainment.
I loved all the actors in this humor tinged thrill ride
I enjoy this action pack movie. I also love the humor!! You can watch this movie many times.
Great movie. Great story. Great cast. Funny and action packed.
I've never seen it till we got it. Its not bad at all
I was looking for this terrific movie at a discount and Best Buy came through AGAIN!!! I watch it whenever I need a laugh.
The actors flow so well together. I have watched part one and two and they are both entertaining
If you liked the movie on a regular DVD, it's even better on Blu-ray. All of the action is right in your face.
The characters are all familiar and in some cases play an unexpected roll. The end is not surprising but the path taken keeps you on your toes and completely involved. Bruce Willis is predictable and his "older friends" are all playing their characters extremely well. I would recommend this for people from teens to old age. Actually purchased a second copy for a friend.
I had never heard of these movies and decided to give it a try. Well, this is a definite must see! The cast is fantastic! There is so much action you will never be bored! Make sure you see all of them....
This movie is really action packed, I'm so looking forward to the sequel!
the movie is very entertaining.great suspence and funny after all
Super action and comedy in one. The cast was exceptional. Wish Morgan freedman didn't die but brave sole took one for the team.
I love this show. It kept my interest and the characters interacted well. I'm glad I was able to get it on Blu Ray.
Really............................ Funny.........................
Red is a very good movie, made even better on Blu-ray !
I bought this on a recommendation from a friend and loved it. Now I need the 2nd one.
Full of action pack and funny, like the actors in it too.
This is one of my favorite movies. This movie has a really good story and is very funny. Bruce Willis is awesome and John Malkovich is hysterical. Would be a good date night movie, too.
Some of the funniest stuff. John Malkovich is hilarious!!
Enjoyed with 2 12-year old sons. Top notch cast. Recommended.
good film, came well packaged, disc worked first time, good vfm...
Pay attention this movie is great watch it over and over again
A fantastic rip roaring jaunt. Very funny and action packed.
great action. very funny. great cast. this is a must buy.
Very Good Entertainment. The Cast is Outstanding and John Malkovitch is Hilarious.
Another one for my library and my girlfriend really likes this movie and we both love Morgan Freeman
Watched the 2nd before the first and I love this movie.
I love action movies, well, ones with an actual plot. I had a rewards certificate and saw this in a value bin, and figured why not? Helen Mirren's character is my favorite part in this movie. I generally love any woman who can kick some butt.
Great movie, allstar cast, one of my favorites, highly recommended
We borrowed this DVD from the library, and when I saw it at such a great price I got it to enjoy many more times. It has a lot of action and humor.
Bought this one and Red 2 sight unseen - almost for the cast alone. Fun movie(s) with lots of action and great dialogue. Watch the bloopers- definitely worth it.
I enjoy movies starring Bruce Willis and this one is definitely no exception to that.
Love the characters they throw some humor in the movie so it makes it more enjoyable.
I love this movie and that cast that is in it. Action Packed.
I bought RED and RED2 together since I really like the storyline and action scenes.
Great cast, lots of action. Good movie. Sales price was good.
This movie is VERY violent and VERY funny. Great cast, good one liners, and fun story all around.
Another solid winner staring Bruce Willis...you can't go wrong with this one!!
awesome find and there so many to choose from. great movies at sweet price
it is a very funny and action movie i am really like it
I've often wondered what happens to retired spies? This movie is one option....
I liked it a lot, I'll see it a few more times, save it too see it again . ...... Exciting, fast, humorous . .....
Good movie and definitely worth the price, since it was in the $5 bin. :)
Great movie n price glad to add this to my collection and watch over n over
Good price. Action and comedy mix. Definitely worth it
Great actors, funny scenes. An all around fabulous movie.
We also bought Red 2 just as much fun but really missed Morgan Freeman
Good movie and great price. Customer service at store was great.
Great action scenes and comedic performances. If you like Bruce Willis and John Malkovich, you will love this movie. I love the idea of retired, extremely dangerous
I love this classic action movie very much! But one if you like it.
totally enjoyed this movie about aged n retired secret agents, its age target is for those who are seniors and newly retired who as I will certainly enjoy. big time stars, bruce willis, morgan freeman, ernest borgnine, Richard Dreyfuss to name a few.
i enjoyed this movie a great deal at the theatre and had always wanted to own it. fantastic acting and action from bruce willis and morgan freeman, now aged screen stars, lots of tricks and laughs.
Great movie. Both first and second and are good. Nice spin on an action movie.
Great movie for movie night with the wife she enjoyed it
This is such a funny and entertaining action movie! Glad to find it on BluRay!
Bruce Willis, Helen Miren and Richard Dreyfuss with supporting cast is great!
Everything was great, Store service really good. Great movie
Fantastic cast! Sweet fight scenes! Traveling suggestions!! And did I mention cutie Karl Urban is in it?!
Great place to find movies for the family and just to watch
This movie was as good as the previews led me to believe. Very funny and held the interest.
Lots of action! Great acting by Bruce and the gang! Like the slow motion shootout scenes!
loved the action in this movie. There was alot of big named actors in the movie. I loved it.
This movie was a xmas gift ordered last minute. It came very quickly and made a great gift.
Saw this movie on Cable and had to have it. It's a funny and all time fun movie to enjoy.
Love it, love it, Love it. cant wait for RED 2 Great to watch with My Folks.
Great movie, fun, lots of good actors in the cast. Great entertainment.
luv all the actors/actresses in this movie...cant wait to get Red 2
Great action film. Love all the characters
Best movie in a long time. Has something in it for every one.
so nice to go to the mail box and find this wonderful treat
Excellent never a dull moment! The scenes were beautiful!
Money well spent. Waiting on Red II to hit the shelves!
This is an excellent movie, enjoyed it thouroughly.
A lot of action in this movie.Go out and get it.
This movie is very riveting and entertaining.
Great movie, lots of action and humor.
received before due date evcelent
I will be ordering from here again
Loved the film, loved the price
Movie was very good..a must see
Great acting, fantastic chemistry.
good movie-action and comedy
I really enjoyed that movie
Good movie, I liked it.
Very funny movie
movie was great.
great price.
An awesome film! I really enjoyed Agent Cooper, who now stars in the T V drama Almost Human And I adore Helen Mirren. What a departure from her usual roles! All in all, a beastly film!
could not find in any local stores-had to order online. good movie for five bucks. as always Hollywood could have done a better job producing a movie without all the language.
I really like this movie but the online price is 2.50 more than in the store, I only payed 5.00 for this movie at the store. Best movie I've seen In almost 3 years.
This is a very good movie. I highly recommend it. It has a lot of heart warming action without the gore and graffic love scenes. Very little language. A lot of fun.
This movie has a lot of big name older stars, that still have the moves. It is a great twist on the Spy game. Great action sequnces, lots of humor, great acting.
This is a movie my husband and I enjoyed at the theaters. My adult children watched it with us here at home for a movie night and agreed it was a good choice.
This is a fast paced action comedy with an excellent ensemble cast. Bruce willis and crew aim to please and don't fail from start to finish
Great!
I have been able to find and purchase several movies that I have been looking for for a long time thank you very much
I saw that Red 2 was coming out at the movies and never saw the first one. Had to get it before I saw the second one.
I purchased it for my 11 year old grandson and he loves it! I also own it, but have had it for a long time.
I LOVE this movie, and RED 2 as well. You can't beat the prices at Walmart, and the shipping was very fast.
It was a great surprise for me this movie, really funny with great actors. I'm planning to buy Red 2.
Awesome movie with alot of great in the actor/actress industry. Action packed all the way thru
This movie suprised me it was the best movie i have seen in a long time a great cast and plot
great movie! great price!
Bought on sale great price. Fun to watch.
Excellent movie, see second movie.
Opening Scene: The mundane daily routine of a retired CIA Covert Operative is exposed – it was routine. The show is most likely one of the best spy – counter spy flicks that I have seen. With a superb blend of “senior” casting, sensitive directorship, and a very well-written plot-line of pure table-pounding action/intrigue entertainment this is the type of film you will visit again, and there is a twist around every corner that is guaranteed to keep your interest up! It is interesting that the plots star character, Frank [Francis], is a pure romantic with a hard exterior but is soft and gooey on the inside.
Fan of Bruce Willis movies…a friend recommended this one to watch! Plenty of action and comedy…worth watching over again!
Red is great popcorn fun that I think you will enjoy. The movie stars Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, Mary-Louise Parker, Karl Urban, and very funny John Malkovich. The movie is directed by Robert Schwentke, who previously directed The Time Traveler's Wife and Flightplan. The plot of the movie Frank (Bruce Willis is retired, bored and lonely living off his government pension in a nondescript suburb in an equally nondescript house. The only joy in Frank's life are his calls to the government pension processing center when he gets to talk to his case worker Sarah Mary-Louis Parker). Sarah is as bored and lonely as Frank and marks her conversations with the unknown Frank and her spy novels as the only things fun in her life. When something in Frank's past forces Frank back into his old line of work and puts an unwitting Sarah in the middle of the intrigue, Frank and Sarah begin a journey into Franks past and the people he used to work with. Like Frank they are all RED ... Retired Extremely Dangerous. I enjoyed this movie and I think you will too. Thank you for reading my review
This movie was absolutely great. i usually not big into action but my dad is and we both loved it so much that i bought it for us right after we rented it
Good movie and Bruce Willis was a success again!
A FUN MOVIE IT WILL HOLD YOUR INTREST
This is a great movie that will keep you very well entertained. Bruce Willis is great along with his supporting cast.
My husband and I just love this movie.
Action packed. Must see.
funny funny
Good movie, funny, very good actors,
Does not disappoint
Price was great.
inconvenient to go to the back of the store to photo department instead of customer service, won't do it again
I love this movie! It is funny very action packed and the actors/actresses are great! Well put together! A lot of awesomeness in this one movie! I watch it all the time just because it's that good! Love love love!!
This is a great movie! I love this movie and when you buy from Walmart- it is also available on VUDU!
I could drink this with a straw. Nasty, full of water. What happened to your good chili
I was completely disappointed in this item. I opened the can and there was a smell emanating from it that made me sick. Since it was just 2.00, I threw it away. I will NEVER purchase this chili again. I know it may have been a bad can, but that smell was like dead flesh. UGH!
I can not eat anything with Monosodium glutamate in it. I would love to eat your chili but until it is MSG free I can not
I used to buy Hormel chili all the time because it did not have pork in it. Now I will not be buying it. I was very surprised to see this. Why did you have to add pork
Bland and want buy again
This recipe for your chill is horrible. You need to revert back to the recipe you used twenty years ago, then it taste great. I will not be buying your chill until a new and improved recipe comes out. And it better be good.
I had to throw out all my Hormel Chili. Some of us don't eat pork for reasons other than health and this was always in our food stock. Very sad that they changed and DID NOT TELL ANYONE! Now we know.
Purchased this chili for years. It was the best. Would buy by the case and eat once or twice a week. About a year or so ago Something changed. Now I have a lot of cans that I will not eat and really would not even give away, it's that bad. It sits on the shell and finally I have resolved to just toss it out.
Same as Wolf brand that is why we quit Wolf brand and now they are the same. Watery, no meat and yuk!!!! We will never buy again. We will just make our own
I have been buying Hormel chili all my life, the can I opened tonight was the worst. It made the whole hotdog taste bad. It was runny, no meat, so runny it made the bun soggy! I hope Hormel fixes this problem. I'd hate to change brands.
Use to be years ago this is the only kind of chili my grandparents had in our house, but I will not be buying it anymore since I now know that it has pork in it. I do not eat pork, so surely do not want it in my chili
I usually buy the turkey no bean chili so had not had this for years. Well I accidently grab this product and I could not believe how runny and lack of meat was in this chili. It had the consistency of soup which was pretty pitiful since I was having chili dogs. Very sad
Hormel added pork to their no beans chili, since I cannot eat pork I can no longer enjoy my previously favored brand. On top of it there were no warning on the label indicating that they had a major recipe change and I can no longer trust this brand. I would love to be able to eat their product, previously it had been my go-to and always in my pantry.
Used to buy this often. Either the chili has changed or my taste buds have! Would not buy again
Runny
This tastes like canned hot dog sauce more than chili. It might be okay on a hot dog with onions, but not for a bowl of chili. I won't buy it again.
Did not care for the taste and too greasy.
I LIKE HORMEL CHILI, BUT, WALMART HAS PROBLEMS WITH CANNED GOODS. BUY IT AT THE STORE. BIG TIME DENTS.
Good product, way too expensive.
the recipe in the cans has changed over the years. I enjoyed the older versions. They had a better chili favor. The last few years I had to add more chili powder.
Since when does Hormel put pork in their hormel chili :( i cant eat pork, so now I can't enjoy my hormel chili cheese dip :(
The chili is great on a hotdog, but it doesn't taste real good alone.
I like it
Great for chilly dogs
Ok for chili in a can
The chilie was good on the hot dogs and cheese. I really like the one with bean's.
Works in a pinch with hotdogs
Good on chili dogs!
It's ok
Great for Texas hots. The only one I've found that has real meat in it.
Love this stuff but you gotta have BEANS!
We have used Hormel Chili No Beans for a very long time. We use it on our hot dogs.
Good price and product
We love this at our house. We use it as one ingredient to make a quick mexican dip to snack on or for parties. Add over a block of cream cheese and top with your favorite cheese and jalepenos as you like.....bake or microwave and serve!
Hormel chili is a great chili for those looking for a meatier home made chili taste. It's thicker that Texas Pete's and avoids the blandness of Patterson's. This chili is close to Mama's so when you're looking for a chili deserving of a hot dog, look no further than Hormel.
Love hot chili with cheese.
Been using about 25 years. Good for so many dishes.
I love to use this to make chili dogs and chili cheese fries. I tried other fancier brands, but I always go back to this.
Meal in a can, very good, I will buy more
I use this to make a dip. Mix 8 oz cream cheese with chili, heat and serve with tortilla chips.
Item has a reasonable price. If a lot of item is age, note that it causes severe acne.
I haven't used this yet but have had Hormel products before and been happy.
I bought this thinking that no beans meant low carbs but I was wrong - 19g carbs per serving (2 per can). Good flavor, slight chili buzz. The texture is a bit pasty but is great for putting on hot dogs or in tacos.
We use this on hot dogs with shredded cheese! Yummy!
I look for brands I like . but can't always get them as quantities are too large. This isn't as spiced as I like, but Wolfe Brand is all sauce and little meat now.
always liked this chili
This is great if you add it to Velveta or cheese sauce.
I use this chili on my beef enchlidas, so good.
Cant really mess up canned chili cheese tatter tots
Exactly what I was expecting
Love this chili. Great as chili and also as dip mixed with Velveeta cheese or cream cheese. Dip with crackers or corn chips. Great for the holidays.
Easy and always GOOD.
I love this chili on hot dogs...or a chili dog!
Always good on hotdogs but better in dip
Always use this to make haystacks
This is usually a good product!
Plenty of flavor and was a great topping for the hotdogs!
I use this Hormel Chili - No Beans for chili and cheese tater tots. My daughter is not a bean fan so this works great!
used for chili dogs
...
I have tried a majority of your chilli products awesome
I always buy this product because I do not like chili with beans. As I have aged, beans don't like me! But I've never been able to understand why it cost more to remove beans from a can of chili than to add beans!
Good quality and taste
I used it in my dip and it was delicious .... I use the bean kind too both are amazing!!
Tastes good, but it is canned chili, so don't expect gourmet. I use it on hotdogs, as well as dips for chips. But to eat it like a bowl of chili, no way.
Great on hot dogs!
Works great for chili dogs
Always buy this brand
Good item. Use it to make chili dogs!
Great for Frito Chili pie!
Great taste and exactly what I expected in taste and texture
Great for making dips!
Thank you for adding pork now I can enjoy my hot dog sandwich!!!
I brought chili with beans about 3 weeks ago. I enjoy jow it taste
I love using this chili with rice and butter in a casserole. The flavors are amazing, and my kids love it!
Taste and texture are perfect for a chili dog
I add a can of this plus one can of stewed or other flavor tomatoes plus one can of red kidney beans and a pound of cooked, drained ground beef. my family members have always thought I had a secret chili recipe happening. it freezes in servings for the chili dogs at midnite with a topping of cheese. for years it has worked for me!
I always use the Hormel Chili Hot No Beans for my chili dip. A very simple recipe and everyone loves it! Mix 2 cans of the 15oz chili with 1 lb shredded jalapeno jack cheese. I cook it in a slow cooker/crock pot, stirring occasionally until the cheese is melted. Serve with tortilla chips (scoops work best). Hope you enjoy them!
Good tasting a GREAT value!
Apparently the Wal mart store I frequent never has Hormel Turkey Chili wth no beans which I prefer. So I buy Hormel Chili no beans instead. It's been several months since I've seen it on the shelf. And who ever orders replenishment for the store must not like it cause I never see it. Along with frozen vegetables like Coliflower I've asked several times over the last year for those two items and I get a we'll try harder next time. The shelf label is there just not the correct product. Everything I buy at WalMart is good and fresh when available especially the produce like fresh Coliflower which I cut up an freeze before using as needed. I like shopping at WalMart and usually find everything I need when I don't I improvise or substitute.
Lol. Never been asked to review a canned good. It's a can of chili, people! The cylinder shape of the package was phenomenal. Loved the sound of popping the top. It's a consistent, reliable product. My son loves with Fritos. Rofl.
This is the only chili product I consume. I would never buy another brand. It tastes great and doesn't have odd additives I don't like.
I purchased this for my special chili dogs. This item was of good quality and worked out great!
Tastes great
Great for canned chili. Even the kids will eat it because it has no beans.
Good
Hormel No bean chile mixed with Hormel vegetarian chile. Great combination!!! Simple to make don't need a grocery list of ingredients.
Good for chili dogs
The best can chili.
It actually HAS some beans in it though!
Great chili every time.
Great for making chili dogs
Yes, I did buy this item and this is the only one I do buy when I need canned chili to serve with hotdogs. It's a brand I can count on. I would like to buy the one with beans but I have to please everyone in the family, so I just buy the plain, no beans. I would recommend these to everyone.
We really like hot dogs and every once in a while we make some great chilli dogs with Hormel Chili its fast and ready for the boys quick and they love it. add some cheese and onions and wala they are happy campers
An quick alternative to making chili from scratch. Good on a dog, or on it's own and can easily be doctored up to put some heat in it.
I loe Hormel chili! Great taste alone, on a hot dog or baked potato or on chips. I also use this product or Hormel Chili with Beans in my homemade chili for a little extra burst of flavor.
My man grew up with this and he loves it for chili. I use it for a sauce on a hot dog. Either way, it's good to eat.
I wouldn't buy any other but Hormel.I think it has best taste than any of the others.My number 1 pick always.
My husband will only eat Hormel chili without beans. He loves on hotdogs, spaghetti, and by itself. We recently started eating it on super nachos. It's great!
My husband likes this chili without beans
The only chili that comes in our house!
From the can or on a dog.Great anytime it is def winter staple
I love the consistency you get when buying this product! I normally add it to a hot dip recipe but it's equally delicious on its own.
I love Hormel chili and the price is awesome!
I enjoy this Hormel chilli. WITH NO beans. Goes well on hot dogs too!!
very good product good price fast delivery I am wheelchair bound this delivery service is great for me makes shopping easy
This is the best canned chili ever! Quick and easy on the rough nights when I don't have time.
Great product! We used it to make Chilidogs
The only product I use on my hotdogs.
This is the best hot dog chili.
For years we've been making Ugly Dip (cuz it's just not that pretty to look at!) with a can of Hormel Chili NO Beans and one brick of cream cheese. Microwave for about a minute, stir, and continue until all the cheese is blended. Fabulous with corn/tortilla chips and people rave about it - thinking it was much more difficult to make than it really is!! It never lasts long...
I buy this chili regularly and my daughter loves it when when I heat it up in a large bowl, cover it with shredded cheddar cheese and heat it again to melt the cheese. Then she uses Tostitos scoops to scoop and eat it. She is older and out of the house now but when she comes home she always looks forward to her chili bowl!
Love this gor chili dogs on a cold night
good chilli for hotdogs
Best chili ever
I add a can of this plus one can of stewed or other flavor tomatoes plus one can of red kidney beans and a pound of cooked, drained ground beef. my family members have always thought I had a secret chili recipe happening. it freezes in servings for the chili dogs at midnite with a topping of cheese. for years it has worked for me!
I always use the Hormel Chili Hot No Beans for my chili dip. A very simple recipe and everyone loves it! Mix 2 cans of the 15oz chili with 1 lb shredded jalapeno jack cheese. I cook it in a slow cooker/crock pot, stirring occasionally until the cheese is melted. Serve with tortilla chips (scoops work best). Hope you enjoy them!
This is good by it's self or with rice. Even over chops with cheese
Hormel Chilli is thick and creamey and is very good on hot dogs. I have been using it for years.
I have used this brand of chili for years and I have tried others and always go back to Hormel!
I am not allowed to come home without this when I do my monthly shopping trip!
Tastes great.. very filling... I use often to make frito pie!
I love chili dogs but don't care for the beans Hormel is the perfect choice
We love this on chili dogs and frito pie! High recommend this!
Great chili for those who do not like beans.
This is great on hot dogs
Good chili
was excellant with the hot dogs and cheese we used
This chili is absolutely delicious. We put it on hot dogs, too, for a cili dog with cheese. It's fast and easy to use and filling. This is a good price also.
My daughter luvs it to make chili dog s. She is very picky.
Tasted like chili to me - I got it because of the 'no beans'.
Best hot dog chili I bought! Great flavor, thick, and meaty! It's all I'll buy from now on! Love it!!
Taste good
Best chili
We use it all the time! Goes well with almost anything if you need a quick and easy dip.
Great
Sister-in-law recommended, put in maid rites for better tste
Great taste. I use it on hot dogs, chilli cheese fries.
I like hirmel
I use 1 can of this with a of Velveta and about a cup of milk in the crock pot for some great cheese dip.
Can't get through the holiday without Hormel Chili.....makes great nachos, chili and just to use quick meal
This is the only can chili I will buy.
Great product always use when grilling hot dogs, etc
always tasty
Tastes great!
Product is great for hot dogs, sausage, or just as a meal.
Best chili on the market, would not buy anything else.
The price was good, had a football game get together and has chili dogs :)
Some good stuff
This is the only canned chili my family will eat.
To expensive
Great to be canned chili
Best chili
It is a very good chili
Excellent on hamburgers and hotdogs.
Great item fair price
I've been using this for years.
Love this stuff with nachoz
This chili is good on hot dogs!
My husband loves the chili with out the beans strong spices which can will upset his tummy! A great treat for cool winter days. Lots of tender meat sauce that is just right!
Hormel makes the best chili you can buy,,2nd best to homemade
My favorite store bought chili! Good price.
Great for chili dogs all summer.
My favorite for hotdogs and without the beans has a great chili flavor. Seems to be very lean and not full of fat and grizzle. I pay a little more for quality when it comes to this.
This is the only kind of chili I buy to put on hot dogs. It has a great flavor and texture.
It's the BEST
Very Good!
not too watery and good with hot dogs
We use this chili for making Chili Dogs and it is the best. Beans are not necessary to make good chili as I hae been making both red and green chili, from scratch, for years. This is just a quick alternative to home made chili.
Mis with sour cream great for dipping
Love the taste and texture! So yummy on hot dogs! Good price, too!! Try it, you'll love it!!
It's the only brand my family buys and has done for years.
Always pleased with Hormel.
Great by it self with cheese n onions and use corn chips. Or do the same over a hotdog.
We love this chili over spaghetti with cheese on top.
first time I've tried this and it was very good
We use Hormel chili without beans with shedded cheddar cheese an Fritos as party food and my kids love it!
Taste great
Good
Taste is very good
Great for chilie dogs
I use this item when I make chili dogs. I put hot dogs or Polish sausages in a baking dish, cover with chili, and bake at 400 for about 30 minutes. YUM
I use this for chili cheese dip. Very good
Its a delicious food. I like it. I would recommend it.
I love this chili, it's the only kind out of a can I'll eat! My only suggestion is considering making cans half of the size of this one because I always end up throwing half of it away :(
Very convenient
I have tried other no bean brands of chili and they almost always have beens. This is the only one I have found that actually has NO BEANS, and it tastes great too (which is the important part right)
Its delicious on a hotdog
Hormel Chili with no beans has been my families favorite for years! I remember my mother using it to make me chili dogs and now I use it for my kids and I'm happy to say they love it! I have tried other brands but we can always taste the difference, even the kids will notice the lack of meat and flavor in the other brands. Hormel always wins in my house!
Not anything this is so good i've bought it for years love it.
Only canned chili I will buy. Great flavor and less fat than some other brands.
Some of the best chili we have bought we also love the turkey chili excellent flavor and texture
Would not make hot dogs without it.
This is the best chili around! I wish I could find it in Australia
Hotdogs and chili is a weakness for me, I just don't feel right when I go without for too long. And it's always hormel no beans when I do. I've recently started chopping up the hot dogs and making my own sort-of burrito, it's very tasty, I don't know why I never thought of it before.
Has good flavor for chli dogs and frito pie.
This is a great product. I use it in making Tamale Pie. Love it!
Nothing to say here.
This meal was extremely sweet and had a very strong pepper flavor. I could not eat it.
Chicken was white meat, breaded, about 3 pieces, lots of bell pepper, Sauce was thick on the rice and contents and totally overwhelmed it. Did not care for the taste of the sauce.
This had really bad flavor. Was not a good product.
Chicken quality was poor. Taste was not good, overall not worth the money.
Loaded with salt and carbs.. Grammy
For my personal preference I won't buy this again, the rice was sticking together and only a few morsels of chicken.
It had good taste quality. However, near the bottom the rice was gummy and it wasn't mixed proportionately.
my mother in law specifically asks for these little meals, so she can heat up lunch with no assistance.
I get this whenever want something easy. As frozen goes is good.
I LOVE this and every Tai Pei frozen Asian take-out box meals I've tried. Why are you consistently out of stock on nearly ALL of them As a primary shopper and shareholder of Walmart, I'm not very happy about the lack of stock of this item (and numerous other brands of products) at my store.
I stumbled upon this product a week or so ago, and bought it because I had never heard of it before. It absolutely exceeded all of my expectations it is restaurant quality, has simple and easy preparation, and has ideal portion sizes.
I LOVE TAI PEI DINNERS
Good flavor, easy to prepare, quick, try it for those days you can't face the stove.
The sweat and sour chicken with the rice make an each dinner.
I would recommend these meals to my friends and family. We have not had any bad meals by this company.
My daughter loves this
Fresh tasting, kids love this
Great taste
I discovered this Item about a year ago. Easy to prepare and taste great.
good stuff cant' beat the price
This is an outstanding product, it not only cleans surfaces, but it has such a clean and fresh smell..I use it all the time.
I have been an avid user of Clorox Wipes for many years and loved them. Something has been changed about them recently and my last 3 purchases have all exhibited this change - the SMELL. It is awful. They all smell the same. I don't know if people on the west coast are familiar with stink bugs but here on the east coast, there is an infestation. That's exactly how the Clorox wipes smell now. Please change back to the old formula QUICK!!!!!!
I have used Clorox Wipes for years... Cannot live without them (or prefer not to). Now the smell is so irritating, I will have to purchase another brand to continue my Spring cleaning. I've never had such a strong objection to the smell of any cleaning product. Please at least offer a choice in the old vs. new formula.
I use Clorox wipes fanatically all over my home and I have done so for years - I have always loved them...until now! I just got the wipes with grease fighting power and it smells HORRIBLE. The main reason I use these wipes is because they make stuff smell fresh and clean. I am sad to say, I may be looking for a new product. Maybe Clorox can offer 2 different kinds I don't really have grease in my bathroom, or on my main kitchen counter spaces, usually grease is only on my stove...
Being a mom of three, disinfecting the home has always been a big priority to keep my family healthy and germs at a minimum. I always turn to Clorox to make that happen. I have been using these products for many years and will continue to do so. Thanks for all of the great products that you offer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE Clorox wipes, but this batch is horrible. The wipes have separated and won't come out of canister in one piece. They rip and tear apart which then makes using 1 wipe useless. You have to get several out just to clean something. The smell is great tho.
I normally buy Clorox brand disinfecting wipes over generic wipes because I like the Fresh Scent. I notice that you've changed the scent and strongly dislike it. While I'll look for Lavender scent in the future, I suspect it does not have wide distribution.
Please go back to original scent/formula!! The other scent was wonderful...New one literally gives me a headache!! So sad.
I would give ZERO stars to the New Formula Clorox Wipes. I agree with all the other users that say the new formula smells awful. It may cut grease now but I liked the old streak free formula a lot better and it smelled nice. Whatever is in the new formula that cuts grease also makes my hands burn. I've switched to my store brand now since they work just as well as the new formula and they smell better. And they don't make my hands burn when I use them! And they don't leave streaks all over my bathroom counters, mirrors and stove like the Clorox wipes do now. Everyone (including me) used to love Clorox wipes when they first came out. Learn a lesson Clorox- if it isn't broke, don't try to fix it!
These are the most frustrating and useless wipes on the market. They rip coming out of the container! If I can't get them out of the container in one piece what good is a bunch of little pieces. Not happy at all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Clorox wipes for a number of years and was excited to try the new products. While I really like the new dispensing top the new scent is unpleasant and I wouldn't call it lemon. I also didn't think that the quality of cleaning was as good as the old product. While the new wipe is textured on one side and soft on the other I felt like I had to scrub much harder and the surface didn't get as clean. I will not buy this product again.
I was expecting these wipes to have a strong clorox smell but they don't, they actually have a refreshing fragrance. I use them regularly and feel confident that I'm eliminating germs from every surface on which I use them.
I LOVE clorox wipes and have used them and recommended them to all my friends since they came out. That being said the change in formula that adjusted the fragrance is horrible. They give me migraines every time they are used in the house and leave a horrible chemical scent instead of the old fresh clean smell. Please go back to the old one because I love your brand and will hate to switch.
Clorox wipes are a great product for disinfecting surfaces that harbor germs. Great for cleaning kitchen counters, door handles and in general. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love to use the wipes when cleaning the bathroom. you gotta love boys!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't like the smell of most strong cleaners. And the earthy cleaners aren't always enough. The green top clorox wipes are my go to disinfectant wipes when we are sick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have only used these once. I prefer environmentally responsible cleaning choices that do not contain bleach which is drying to my skin but I like having something with bleach in the house at all times to use if someone is sick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wouldn't trust any other brand when it comes to disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the product. A great value and I know my family is germ free. Will recommend to friends and family. Thanks Clorox for being 1 This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product I use it all the time. I like the lemon scent the best. it really cleans my kitchen good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like the wipes cause they are easy to use and handy to keep in all the roooms in the houw This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it would really be nice if the wipe would PICK UP the hair and dust that accumulates in bathroom rather than just moving it around and leaving it in a pile on the surface you're working on. You have lots of smart people working for you, it seems that you would have already figured this out. thanks HO Cody WY
i love them, their cheap and desinfected really well especialy if you have kids so handdy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Although I like the convenience of a wipe, there are a couple of things I do not like about this product. The scent does not appeal to me. Also, the dispenser is frustrating to use. Sometimes many wipes come out, sometimes it takes several minutes to get one out.
I wouldn't trust any other brand when it comes to disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the product. A great value and I know my family is germ free. Will recommend to friends and family. Thanks Clorox for being 1 This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The new formula leaves streaks on my glass and mirrors, that was the one reason I used your brand instead of other cheaper brands.
i use these wipes all over my bathroom and they clean and disinfect so they are perfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just be sure to use them up quickly, as wipes dry out.
This product is convenient and very easy to use. It's cleans well however the container does not always close properly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product. Easy use. Disinfecting quite effectively. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love having these handy for when unexpected company comes over, i can quickly wipe the bathroom and the coffee table and door knobs down before and after so kids arent sharing germs with guests
I love the smell and effectiveness of the wipes. They are also very convenient when it comes to traveling and wiping down foreign toilet seats. That is a big deal to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy they are to just grab and clean up. The smell is great also. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using this product because is great to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been experiencing problems with the last two containers I have purchased, where the wipes will not separate but instead get caught and tear. It's a waste of sheets, very time consuming to stop and deal with straightening out the knot/jam in the tear point on the container. When separating by hand it appears the perforations were light or non-existent.
I really like the effecitiveness of the clorox wipes, but they all (no matter what scent you use) leave the WORST lint all over whatever you're using them on. It's even on my hands after I've thrown the used wipe away. I will continue to use them, simply because nobody else makes as effective of a wipe, but I will also to continue to be annoyed every time I use them because I have to go back with a cloth to remove the lint the wipes have left behind.
I use this product all the time and buy all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the ease of using the Clorox Wipes for cleaning door handles and frames. With 4 kids, I always have finger prints and dirt that needs to be cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very good product makes house smell fresh and clean use this often. now that the flu season is here we must stay germ free This review was collected as part of a promotion.
must buy tis product for a quick clean up....buy today This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Am excited to try these-love to use wipes to clean my toilets-it's so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. will continue to buy In the furture This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent product, I would tone down the strong smell of lemon and combine the smell with a tropical smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are convenient to use and have a good smell to them. I wish they dispensed better, they always get stuck. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i used these for the trash can or near the toilet. using a cloth and then washing it for these areas grosses me out
Excellent product, I would tone down the strong smell of lemon and combine the smell with a tropical smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product gets the job done. I use it during my everyday cleaning on my counter tops and surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are easy to grab to use around the house. It is not always easy to have a bucket around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only wish the wipes had more disinfecting liquid on it and that it didn't dry up so fast This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use these wipes all over my bathroom and they clean and disinfect so they are perfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is convenient but not for cost. I would rather use paper towrls and clorox spray
i like it i like it i like it i like it v i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it vi like it i like it v i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this is a great product and does a great job cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use around the house instead of using paper towels. I have a laminate floor so I use them a lot for dirt and spills but I soon noticed the floor was sticky after. I tried cleaning my windows with them but they leave residue marks. I love the smell of all the wipes. I saw someone else commented on the lint residue they leave after cleaning and I also have this problem. They are good for a quick clean but other than that they are average.
I really like the effecitiveness of the clorox wipes, but they all (no matter what scent you use) leave the WORST lint all over whatever you're using them on. It's even on my hands after I've thrown the used wipe away. I will continue to use them, simply because nobody else makes as effective of a wipe, but I will also to continue to be annoyed every time I use them because I have to go back with a cloth to remove the lint the wipes have left behind.
I love using this product at home and in my classroom. It is easy to grab out of the cabinet and disinfect an area. I am a little uncomfortable letting the kids at school use them because it is a harsh cleaning agent (at least in my mind). But I use them frequently once the kids have gone home. The only thing I find frustrating is they don't seem to pick up dust. They mostly just smear when it comes to dust.
I use Clorox on everything in the house really. Not only does it disinfect but it smells so good. The only problem i had was they are so thin,i have to use more than one, and once opened i have a hard time keeping them wet, . Other than that i use them everywhere due to the convenience, and have i mentioned the smell I really like this product and use Clorox products frequently. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of the to go wipes. I wish they would make individually wrapped to go wipes so you could just throw one or two in your purse, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the ease of using the Clorox Wipes for cleaning door handles and frames. With 4 kids, I always have finger prints and dirt that needs to be cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
does the job right and i like the smell, i always buy and will continue to purchase this prodduct, price good and worth it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these wipes. Make cleaning the bathroom a breeze. Kitchen, too. Last a long time and are durable This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes they are handy and make my class room fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for clean up messy kids finger prints at work.
i like it alot it cleans my house i use it every day it is graet This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of this product, but I don't like that it leaves surfaces 'streaky'. The product is supposed to give me a sense that the surface is clean after I've used it, but the streaks don't convince me that the surface is actually clean, so I have to use another product to clean the streaks.
The disinfecting wipes were great for quick times when I needed to prevent the spread of germs. They were not a useful cleaning wipe. This product would be great for use around sickness, or for routine maintenance around the home.
With toddlers there are lots of messes. But with twins there is twice the mess. Thank goodness for your wipes or I would be spending my evenings cleaning instead of cuddling with them reading a good book, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product. It is so easy to use and gets the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Pratical, easy to use. Smells nice! Just perfect......... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the wipes for my baby. so helpful when youre on the go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product is great at santizeing countertops after prepping meals..
It smells good AND it's the kind of smell that you know it cleans
i like this prodcut. it is good. it is safe. thanks for this This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells great. but does what a typical disinfecting wipe can do This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great stuff - have to use it, cleans up all kind of pooh This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product because it leave the counters clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great to use! I use them at home and at work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these wipes, but it is too easy to waste them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product. Easy use. Disinfecting quite effectively. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
must buy tis product for a quick clean up....buy today This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very Convenient and make cleaning the bathroom a breeze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love it! wish it would be cheaper.. and bigger sheets
good product and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are easy to use, and makes my cleaning around the house so quick and easy. All you have to do is pull a wipe out of the container and get started. I use them all over the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They're good but the ones at the bottom are like soaking wet and dripping when you pull them out. Also, if you accidentally leave the lid cracked, they dry out. They need work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell and effectiveness of the wipes. They are also very convenient when it comes to traveling and wiping down foreign toilet seats. That is a big deal to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This item is very easy to use. I love using it in between my heavy duty cleanings. Also great in the car when you need it to wipe up mess and spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Dispensing wipes from the container is a complete nightmare - please re-design the the container to make it easier to pull out each wipe - thank you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the wipes to clean my counters, seems to get counters clean, but of course I don't necessarily know if it is disinfecting or not. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this! It makes my house smell so clean, I wouldnt use any thing else to keep my house feel so refreshed and sanitized! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great to have for quick cleaning. I really like using them in the bathroom and kitchen because I can throw them away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox for my clothes and to disinfect my home. All the clorox products work great and have gotten better with the years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the wipes are the easiest and quickest way to clean all areas of the home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great job! I really like how they smell and I am using them in my classroom as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy these in bulk because there so easy to use my kid can use them too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This a great product you can really tell when you get to to your wash This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wipes but hate the lid part where the you pull the wipes out.
My favorite are the clorox that have the scrub surface on one side, makes cleaning a mess that you didn't get to immediately and has set in faster to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Makes my life easy specially on the go with two kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For the busy mom on the go, the health of my family is always important. Clorox disinfecting wipes ensures that I can get the job down with ease. Kills germs fast... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the wipes because I can use just the right amount and not have such a strong bleach smell throughout my house and my oldest can use them and I don't have to worry about her ruining something by spilling the bleach everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great convenient for quick little cleaning jobs. Recommend it. Keep some on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are a great product and must in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it so much. i would recomend it to everyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell its refreshing and clean.i use these wipes more in the bathroom but sometimes in the rooms to wipe of dust on certain items.they work great sometimes i even spray some of the disinfecting spray to add alittle more moisture on them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use Clorox wipes at my work every day when people are sick. It always keeps things disinfected and keeps everyone else from getting sick too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes make it easy for kids to keep bathrooms/kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having this in all my bathrooms so I can clean in a jiffy any toilet seat or sink. I like to make my guest feel comfortable too by providing these so they can clean and sanitize as they wish when they use the loo. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for travelling! Now using up my twenty characters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like this product. Easy to use only one thing that my husband complains the strong smell of Clorox. But other wise its good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
super convenient not drying on hands cleans u a big mess with one sheet durable This review was collected as part of a promotion.
nice and clean room good smell i love it you should try it
These make bathroom clean-up super quick and easy. We use them often and like them more than any other brand we've tried.
this is a great product, it gets the job done with fresh lemon smell
Clorox wipes are great to have in the kitchen and bathroom. It makes it simple to wipe up counters and stovetops after each cook in between deep cleans. They are durable and easy to use and leave the area smelling clean.
Good product. Clorox has a fresh clean scent and cleans well This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love these while we are traveling and keep some in the car at all times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I find Clorox wipes to be very useful on a daily basis. Whether it be for cleaning up messes in the kitchen or disinfecting surfaces when I have sick children at home, Clorox wipes gives me the reassurance that I am doing my best to keep my family happy and healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them diligently at home. My husband uses them in his barbershop and my daughter at college! They are a part of our household budget! Convenient and love the disinfecting. The only suggestion I would make would be to make them a little bigger and maybe thicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have pets. These are great because they have a strong texture for cleaning up dried on food. And they smell good too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wonderful product and easy to use. Great for my kid to use when cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
so easy, like it! kitchen bath This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product all around the house. It cleans great especially with boys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gets the job done. I like to keep a canister in all the bathrooms and the craft room. Makes for quick and easy clean ups This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the wipes because I have three kids and they are easy to have them wipe things down with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
super handy. they are a little streaky on granite and glass -- but their glass wipes are better for that This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using this product, the surface is clean and disinfected. The Clorox name says it all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes around the house makes cleaning easy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the Clorox wipes because they are convenient to use. It would be nice if they were a little thicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox disenfecting wipes are convienent and very easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes. So easy to wipe down counters quickly. I clean bathrooms and kitchen with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox products for all my cleaning. I especially love the wipes. They are convient and come in handy when in a rush to clean up after small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having young kids, I use Clorox wipes for everything! When they get sick, we wipe everything down with Clorox wipes. I love having things be clean. Thanks Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it with four kids there are spills every minute peeing on the floor wipes up so easilyu This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i will recomend this product because i do the work in less time i am very satisfied. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome to quickly clean surface. And of course disinfect. Use them in kitchen and bath. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very helpful in cleaning up everyday messes. Even young children can clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great! These wipes are great! These wipes are great!!
With two small children in the house, I find clorox wipes very convenient and helpful with daily messes. I also use them in my bathroom on almost a daily basis. Great product!!!
I always keep these on hand for quick clean-ups when I don't have time to do a full clean or when mishaps arise.
Easy to use. I have one tub in every bathroom in my house. makes for quick clean up that you get living with men. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes work very well for everyday use and quick clean-ups. They also work well for the workplace.
I love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It is so easy to clean up messes in the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep these in all the bathrooms to help clean up after four little boys.
For a quick walk through of the bathrooms on a busy day you can not do without. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! Use it to disinfect everyday surfaces. Comes in handy around the kitchen and bathroom. I also like to wipe door knobs and light switches when people are sick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The clorox wipes are easy to use. I use them at home and at work to disinfect my desk. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE this product to use on my floors after pet accidents. Bye bye smelly wii stains. An easy product to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm a germaphobic and Clorox Wipes fit the bill for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are so great for cleaning the litter box! They make this everyday chore super quick!
I keep them in every bathroom and in the kitchen for quick clean ups and they disinfect as well. They are so handy and kill germs too.
I use this product all the time all over my house.
Clorox wipes are a great way to wipe up kitchen counters in a hurry. The don't dry out half way through wiping a surface and don't leave behind visible streaks.
With a pair of twins, there are plenty of messes to clean. With Clorox Wipes, I can clean easily and effectively and know that germs are gone.
Clorox wipes clean really well and they are very easy to use, We will continue to use the wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
use this product all the time for household cleaning and cleaning things around house, easy to use and store.
very convenient...pop the tub open, pull out a wipe and clean. it's that simple This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I mainly use it for cleaning kitchen counters, but also use it for school donates because they need so many this time of year. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep these under my bathroom sink. Great for a quick wipe around the floor or sink. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been a Clorox user for years. I attempted to use another bleach it didn't give me the same satisfaction that I receive from using Clorox. I am a firm believer that Clorox is the best bleach on the market. If you want your whites to remain white Clorox is the one for you.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the kitchen wipes but I wish they were bigger. Love the grease cutting power though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love the ease of using these for most of my cleaning needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the product is great- we use it to clean our students desks at school. it cleans off stuck on glue and dried food from snack. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes is a convenient, quick, easy way to clean up, although I'm not a big fan of the canisters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell of these and how well they clean my kids' messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for the kitchen! easy to grab one and tidy up the counters sink and even cabinets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Lemon Disinfecting wipes work really well and smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love clorox wipes disenfects goog dont have to worry about germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love being able to disinfect on the go. Keep my home clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product!!! easy to use and gets the job done!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely using these wipes to clean up after my son! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to have a canister of Clorox wipes under every sink in the house for convenient clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes is a good product to clean your surfaces and know that they are disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are my go to when I am in a hurry and in between cleanings. They make me feel like the germs are gone without completing a full clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great brand to use! I have uses for Clorox in every room of my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Its great and id use it again in the long run!!Its great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my husband is a truck driver and had to share truck with other driver and it's a great way for him to disinfected the steering wheel before his run This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox for everything. The wipes are handy and can be used a so many things. I live clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use this especially when you have a sick kid to clean up the bathroom afterwards. They are handy and great to use.
great to use for a quick cleaning in a hurry. i love leaving it under the sink and getting out for those times when you just want to sanitize but don't have time to clean it all.
I like to use them, very handy. easier than paper towel and other cleaning product.
I love the smell of these ones, for lighter cleaning, as they do not have the scrubbie side
These are really nice. pop, pull, wipe and toss away.
These wipes are the best by far. I tried less expensive brands but they do not clean as well as these. The only downfall is I have noticed that on some surfaces iike my stove, it has made the paint fade.
Truly amazing. Nice smell abd removes many stains. I have bought at least 6 in the last few months This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Certainly beats the old days of a cleaning bucket, rag, and towel! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like your products, I USED FREQUENTLY AROUND MY HOME This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a 1.5 year old so these are so easy when he makes a mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good price and works great for quick clean up with kids around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is an easy product and great to use as a busy worker and mom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
cleans very effective and doesn't feel bad on hands afterwards This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using Clorox to disinfect my door knobs counters and sinks and also computers This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great cleaner for the daily clean up of the bathroom every morning. Still smells fresh when you return home from work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great as they clean up old stains and the worst messes. I also love how it smells This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I appreciate the ease of using the Clorox wipes. I keep a canister in the bathroom, especially when there is illness in the house. It makes easy disinfection after the person that is ill has touched sink handles and other surfaces. It also makes it easy for my boys to clean up after themselves if they miss in the bathroom. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
cleans well this product cleans well, smells fresh, and does a good job disinfecting. l love how convenient it is to use and it kills the germs!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Been using for years for everything from counter top to floor. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
WIPES ARE A VERY CONVENIENT, NON-MESSY, QUICK OPTION FOR CLEANING UP EVERYDAY SPILLS, DIRT AND GERMY STUFF! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use convenient , and disinfects great around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
def better than other brands out there This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes. There in every room of the home and in the car. Thanks for making a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
we used all the time and with everything. Kitchen, bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use its great. it dosent smell nasty. i am able to clean without the mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these for quick clean ups. I keep them handy to clean up after handling poultry or other items that leave germs behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great disinfecting product and easy to use, especially with kids in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
always have use the product especially when i have kids ti clean after them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE Clorox !! I use Clorox products everyday!! They work great!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love Clorox wipes around our home. We have 3 boys and they tend to be really messy! I love the convenience of grabbing a wipe, swipe then toss. We use them in the bathroom primarily, but also on the kitchen and laundry room as well. I only wish they were a bit more textured to get out stuck on grime or food! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great smell not too overpowering. I would buy these again recommend them to friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this for simple cleaning jobs. Having 3 kids and very busy life this makes life just a little bit more simple This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great value and good on small jobs around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. cleans well. easy to use. preferred brand.
I love this product, it is pretty handy and very much meet my expectations. It disinfects and leaves surfaces feeling fresh. I think it is very handy to clean up or touch up sometimes with the wipes and that saves a lot of time.
I have a husband and a 6 year old son. I am always cleaning behind them. These are easy to use and clean great
I love these wipes b/c of how effecient they are. Our 13 yr old cleans the bathroom he and his brother share i just hand him these wipes and he goes to work. gets the job done and easy to dispose of. He does a much better job cleaning with these wipes rather than a spray bottle and paper towels.
SO HANDY WHEN IT COME TO CLEANING TOYS, STROLLERS, HIGHCHAIRS AND SO MANY THINGS THAT BAY AND TODDLERS DROP ON THE FLOOR , GREAT FOR FAST CLEANING, AND FOR EVERYDAY USE
I carry the to go wipes everywhere I go, they are great ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is very easy to use just like wipes and it definitely disinfects items. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is such a wonderful product. I love using their products because it disinfects the surface around the home along with a clean scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just like the germ fighting power of Clorox products This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the Clorox wipes on a daily basis to clean up in my classroom. They are a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
have used clorox products for years and never been let down This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is easy to use and doesn't spill so it is not messy. Works good in kid play areas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
convenient, easy to use, I've been using them for years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes help clean up after the constant mess that comes with children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I personally love all the Clorox products, they clean so well. The wipes are my favorite because they are so easy to use and clean up all the tough messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these for quick clean ups in the kitchen and bath! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My counter tops couldn't be cleaner. These wipes are so convenient. Easy to use and I don't have to worry about any disinfectants accidentally being sprayed on anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Peaches59. I use this item everyday to disinfect bathroom area, where doggy pads are layed. Leave areas clean and bathroom smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have 5 children so this product is so easy to use. I love it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these wipes and have a canister in every room of the house. Also very convenient when on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When you need to clean a spill quickly these are the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like using the wipes because they are convenient and disinfect! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good I would recommend this product. Its very good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great to send to teachers at my son's school to help keep classrooms clean and kids germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For me I think all wipes are created equally. Clorox wipes are good but I get have the same from a cheaper product or store brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When Im cleaning, I am confident that the wipe is killing all the germs. These wipes are also perfect for cleaning my bird cage.
THIS PRODUCT HAS WORKED VERY WELL FOR ME. I USE IT EVERYTIME I CLEAN AND I WIL CONTINUE TO USE THEM. I LOVE THESE WIPES BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT TIME CONSUMING. I CAN GET ALL MY CLEANING DONE VERY QUICKLY AND IT DOES THE JOB.
I use disinfecting wipes in every room of my home. I even use them to wipe off the toys I keep at my house for when my nephew visits. They're great to have for quick and easy disinfecting and cleaning, especially during cold and flu season.
I have to keep these on hand.... I don't use them all that often, but my husband uses them constantly! They do work well, and smell good.
cleans surfaces well, giving a sense of no more germs
This product is really good for cleaning up very sticky and messy classroom projects.Teenagers are usually hard-pressed to clean anything, but they prefer using a clorox wipe instead of a generic spray cleaner. They also like the wipes to help keep their designer shoes in that brand new look
I keep a container of wipes in my desk at work so anytime someone with a cold sits at my desk I can wipe down the desk, keyboard and phone quickly and not worry about getting someone elses cold.
THESE ARE GREAT FOR ON THE GO CLEANING. THERE ARE SOME NASTY PEOPLE OUT THERE. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This cleaner is one of the best I have. its the one i use the most. Great value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how they get that stain right out! Never leave home without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like them a lot would be nice if they were a little bigger. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They disinfect and are easy to use, portable, and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the clorox wipes. They are a great cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the disinfecting wipes. They're easy to use when you're always in rush, like I am but need to keep the kitchen spotless. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great when you have kids! I love when there is a mess... boom right there to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep Clorox Wipes in my house all the time. We use them for wiping down countertops to stoves. Also use them for cleaning up messes the cats may leave. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love everything about these wipes, especially the convenience they offer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes, They are strong and last through your cleaning job. I am glad that my husband stumbled across these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love Clorox product, easy to use, is a great stain remover and keeps my whites white This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it to wipe tables, kitchen and sink counters, and just about anything. I like how it disinfects my whole house. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great! Please try these products, as you wont be disappointed at all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this stuff. Use it for everything. It leaves everything fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes work great to clean my kitchen countertops and sink and also work great to clean the bathroom countertops and even toilets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use product...great for little one's messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy Clorox wipes in bulk to save money and because I believe they are a fantasitic product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I live clorox. I use the kitchen spray everyday. I love the fact that it can get rid of tough stains. As many people know, pomegranates stain really bad, but, with a couple of sprays from clorox and the stain is gone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it works really well for the kitchen - cuts grease very well This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product...kills most germs and from a reliable company This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy and fast to use in kitchen bathroom and pet mess This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Quick and easy to clean up a toddler-made mess while holding a baby.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that with Clorox products I can trust that every surface I use them on will be free of germs. Less worry for this busy mom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great!!!! must have for children in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
always good quality, always clean well and disinfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are so convenient to use when you prefer a disposable cleanup! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
best thing to wipe down airplane trays. Have you ever seen those being cleaned This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are an everyday product in my house. They are tough enough to clean up any mess.
I use these to wipe down the surfaces in my kitchen. They really help to clean up the mess plus I know they are getting rid of germs too.
Does an excellent job on grease on the stove and the scent of lemon doesn't stay on your hand like others do.
JUST LOVE THEM FOR HOME AND SCHOOL. KIDS ENJOY CLEANING THEIR DESK.
very easy to just grab when a small spill happens. Very handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With 2 small children I do a lot of cleaning and the wipes are easy to use and work well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They smell great and clean well. also very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
our family loves Clorox wipes. They are every easy to use and have multiple uses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I and m wife relly like this product. We always clorox products n our house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always use clorox wipes when cleaning up the kitchen and bathroom sinks. It's the easiest thing to use and it works so well around the grease oil spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Keep the wipes stashed in a few places! Easy to pull out and wipe up after your company's messy sneeze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fact that I do not have to use so many paper towels when I have this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox wipes throughout my home. It cleans and disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects, deodorizes and is easy and convenient to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a big fan of the Clorox wipes,they are effective cleaners,easy to use and they smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a college student, I need to clean things fast and effectively, and that's what these wipes help me do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these to clean off our counters nearly every day. Super easy to just pull out and give a quick wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My son's preschool uses these everyday. Very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It helps with all those icky messes, and best of all it disinfects. It also doesn't have harsh smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is easy to use over your head cleaning fans or anything. You do not have to worry about spraying getting on your clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They clean really well and disinfect which is an added bonus, but I wish they were thicker so the mess I'm wping up stayed off my hands This review was collected as part of a promotion.
not only are these wipes super easy to use they smell great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy and convenient to use. We use them everyday at the doctors office I work at. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product! Use them around the house all of the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these clorox wipes. you can never have too many of them I keep them in the house, car, work etc. I would definitely recommend since flu season is here. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are really easy to use wipes. I keep them handy at all times all around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Products use them all the time in my bathroom and kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome cleaners, strong enough to kill germs but not too strong for your nose! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am happy with all of the wipes except for the glass cleaning ones. They leave a streak on the mirrors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Trusted brand, loyal customer. Generation to generation Clorox is a staple in our homes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are really awesome for me and my family because they are the easiest way for me to quickly disinfect and know that a surface is clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how convenient they are especially when I need to wipe down the kitchen or bathroom quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used Clorox products my entire adult life and rarely buy other products. Clorox products are dependable and versatile in use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great. The wipes saves time and are very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good product! Simple to use works wonders on just about everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient product for grab-and-go usage. Cleans well and leaves a nice after scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use the Clorox disinfecting wipes in lemon scent because it is effective in killing bacteria and germs. It also leaves my kitchen and bathroom with a lovely lemony scent!
It does a great job of cleaning my 2 year old's high chair after every meal. He has been known to leave a huge mess. It also leaves it smelling great!
I like these wipes because they are strong and smell good. They do their work.
I love clorox wipes. They are so easy to use and fast. Plus they smell great!!!
I like these wipes more than the standard lemon ones. The smell is better and I feel like they clean a bit better. The only downside I find with them is that they tend to move the dirt and dust around sometimes instead of picking it up. They are not the best at being dirt-clingy.
Great product especially if you have a toddler at home. It's easy to use and convenient. I highly recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes to clean my desks with! I couldn't make it through cold and flu season without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes very convenient for an on the go mom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wipes of any kind are the best idea ever - these cleaning type of wipes are especially great when you don't want to over-spray a cleaner in a small surface area. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the clean scent of lemon and the ease of using Clorox wipes to clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried other disinfecting wipes and I have determined that these are the best!!!
This is a great product for killing germs. It has a great scent not too over powering. I really like this product and I use it alot. The price is usually good. The wipes are great for everyday messes around the house. I like this product.
I use these wipes in every room - they are a great alternative to a spray cleaner and paper towels!
Great product that has the clearning power of clorox with no bleach. Easy clean up for everything. Doesn't clean quite as good as clorox clean up and paper towels but it is soooo much easier!
since i stared using this wipes, cleaning is faster and easier, with three kids at home I am always in rush with the chores, I just love them and they smell sooo good!
Use them all the time to clean my laminate countertops This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these all the time on my new kitchen counters. Only complaint is that they leave streaks so I have to go back over after use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love them! Wish they were a bit cheaper, but overall good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product that has the clearning power of clorox with no bleach. Easy clean up for everything. Doesn't clean quite as good as clorox clean up and paper towels but it is soooo much easier!
Nice an moist. Great for my kids to do a quick cleanup around the house like wiping down doorknobs and lightswitches when a bug is going around. Also handy when cleaning the toilet seat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the products, especially the Clorox wipes. As a new mother and wife I love that the Clorox wipes can clean up any mess quickly and disinfects so I feel my home and family is safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these in my classroom and love them! They are handy when I need to clean desks after the students eat their snack. And with it being cold season, it also disinfects the desks! Perfect!
I like clorox wipes they are convenient, and disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Always use Clorox disinfecting wipes for all my needs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Really good multi-surface cleaner that saves on waste! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I never let myself run out of Clorox wipes! They are a must have! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great scent, and super convieniant. Great when you have kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Clorox wipes because they are easy and quick to use... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are the solution to the toughest dirt I like it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes for all my quick countertop cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is an awesome product to clean up the many messes of a 2 year old. Love the scent! Not overpowering like regular bleach.
Clorox wipes are a convenient way to wipe nasty germs away quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience and the lovely scent of the lemon wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products . Cleans and removes stain better then any product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like using Clorox wipes a because it is easy to use. I use them a lot in my car. Plus they smell great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love everything about these wipes but the scent can be very over powering. It eventually airs out without help, it's not a big issue unless you don't like lemon. I prefer the fresh scent. Works wonders on my stove! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are really great for cleaning up and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Always leaves area smelling great and I know it's definitely clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very convenient product. I am a fan of the travel sized portions. The fit in my purse and are readily accessible when my two young children want to sit at a dirty table or chair in public. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved ur wipes they are so easy to use and clean even tough stains:)
I love that my kids can help clean without making a mess. They can love helping me clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Best product i have used for disinfecting .Good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product. Every year when school starts the teachers ask for this product so that they may clean and disinfect their classrooms.
I appreciate the fresh lemon scent of this product. It smells clean without giving a strong cleaner smell. If there was one negative, small that it is, the one thing I was looking for was something that could pick up those hard to get spots on my counters. Something that has a bit of abrasion to get those spot could be helpful. Overall a great product!
With little ones, it is nice to have a quick clean up option that disinfects as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them because I trust them and they are quick and easy I know it's doing it's job This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great and i use them all the time in my apartment! easy to use and gets the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoy using them. My kid can help me since they are mess free and sanitizing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes for all my quick countertop cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the clorox wipe daily at home and work to keep the germs away. It make my home and work area smell so clean and fresh. I even wash my clored clothing with clorox also help remove the food stain and dirt. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are very convenient, I leave them in my bathrooms and use them often to keep it clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A must have when you have children or pets. Easy to use and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a good product and easy to use if the price is right. I'm about getting my monies worth. I use this product mostly in the bathroom to disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes, after my family eats a meal or after I clean the kitchen, Clorox wipes are a great way to pick up the mess. Even the stove, especially with the grease! I couldn't imagine having a household without Clorox wipes in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product works just as advertised will buy more all day every day until the end of time This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient, sanitary, easy to use. What else is there! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy the product even though I am not too fond of the lemon scent. However, they are quick and easy to use, particularly in the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes for the convenience, but most of all i love them bc they WORK!!!! My husband I use them as quick spot clean-ups on the bathroom floor (its tile) it makes it so fast easy between mopping sessions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for a quick wipe down of counters and sinks. Instantly makes the bathroom or kitchen look cleaner! Only downside is the wet time to sanitize, but you'll have that with any sanitization product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using this product. Clorox is the best thing yet to clean your house if you haven't trid it please do so This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good stuff, these Clorox wipes. Too bad they are so pricey. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product. It smells clean and I know its clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes just wish they had more padding or quilted to pick up hair, dust, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very handy and very easy to use. They also don't have an overpowering smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product because in a house with 3 small babies we always have a mess to clean! Clorox wipes gets the job done on the 1st try every time! Thanks for a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the little scrubber-tiles in each Disinfecting Wipe. Also appreciate the wide variety of sizes and fragrances. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these for so many different things at our house. My son is a wrestler and a football player, we use them to disinfect all of his sports equipment. They get a work out in my kitchen, not to mention in the bathroom of my teenage son. He will actually clean up after himself if he has a wipe! Thank you Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
lLove the smell! Great for cleaning desks in the classroom, especially cleaning off marker and glue! Great for home, work, or on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Clorox wipes. Very easy to use, pop one out, and germs are all gone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, comes in many different sizes and offers a great range of usability. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had been using Clorox wipes regularly with good results however, I recently picked up Lysol wipes on sale with a coupon. What I discovered is it takes two Lysol wipes to equal one Clorox wipe. So, the Lysol sale with coupon turned out not to be a good value. Clorox wipes are thicker with plenty of cleaner. Lesson learned.
This is a very good product, Smells nice and wipes well. I would definitely buy again and recommend to people around me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox disinfecting wipes all the time with kids running around all day. They come in very handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for quick in between cleanings. They are powerful to clean gross things. Just wish they were a bit more economical. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are great, tough on messes. I always keep them in my car! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep wipes near each sink to wipe off countertops, and other areas of the house. It's very convenient to use and they don't dry out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox wipes and will always use them. they clean and smell god at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are very useful to clean up and disinfect around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all clorox products they're the best ! Especially the Clorox Disinfecting wipes. Easy use on all surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy Clorox products. They work very well and help keep my household clean. The products are very easy to use and worth purchasing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products I just don't care for the lemon scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the scent and how convenient they are to use! I do with they wouldn't streak so badly though:( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the clorox wipe because they are easy to use and I know that I'm killing germs with each wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love disinfecting wipes because they are so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a teacher and use these wipes in my classroom. Keeps the kids healthy and their desks clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes for wiping down counter tops in the kitchen and bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Helps me to keep my sinks clean. Good at cleaning up grime and excess make-up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has always been used in my household because it disinfects. Great product and will recommend to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product works great but I'm not fond of the smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wipes because I dont have to worry about splash and hoisting a big container if I want to quickly wipe down a counter top or sink. I like that I can chose how many wipes versus diluting clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are a convenient way to quickly clean up and disinfect at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all your products. I always recommend Clorox to my friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really love this product, great scent that is not too overwhelming and not only disinfects, but makes me feel comfortable with the cleaning it actually does (doesn't just wipe around but cleans deeply). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these these wipes because they are convenient to keep anywhere. I love to have them in my car for any spills, all around the house, my purse, really anywhere! they clean great and smell refreshing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product doesn't leave a strong bleach smell but pleasant and clean smell for me and my household. Clorox to me is the number 1 product to use to disinfect and protect from germs and odors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My mother owns a daycare and these wipes are what she always counts on to keep all the kids safe and healthy.
I use Clorox wipes to clean my countertops and table tops. They always clean up the messes and take away the germs left behind by my 7 year olds.
I love the wipes to clean everything in my home. I take them camping and traveling. I trust they will do the job and sanitise. The only problem I have is my husband can't stand the smell so I have to use them to clean when he is in another room. I love to smell it because I know it's clean
I really love how great they clean and how handy they are. The only thing I don't like, is using them on glass surfaces...they always leave a streak. Otherwise, great product, and I can't live without it. :)
I love this product because it is so convenient for me to use on the toilets for quick and easy cleaning.
these wipes are a life saver with little children at home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love that I can grab a sheet and clean a spill quickly. I use them at work all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. It works great and is a great value! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Did a very good job cleaning up a pasta sauce spill on my countertop. Very little red residue leftover. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox at home and work, its safe, convenient and it keeps the germs away This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how convenient Clorox wipes are! I can just grab a tub and disinfect quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They're great! I use them a lot when the kids are sick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. I use this all the time for all my cleaning needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product to use to sanitize the house and with the kitchen with messy little ones. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would recommend this product to any mother with limited time on her hands for cleaning. These are by far the easiest I have found to use that actually clean and disinfect! Best part is I can use them with one hand and carry my baby in the other!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product always leaves my kitchen smelling fresh and clean. I can always trust my counters to be disinfected and sanitized when i use this, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really love Clorox product. I use it to clean and disinfect the restroom and kitchen in my home. LOVE THIS PRODUCT. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
wipes are easy to use, and you can take them in the car This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox products, I use it to disinfect for cold and flu. I use it for all around the house to keep it clean and bright.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great for cleaning and disinfecting. good value for money. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wet wipes. it not only cleans, but it deodorizes as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product and love to tell people about it... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
with all my littles ones this is my go to! love for all things! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox wipes in my classroom to rid germs on the desks. I also use it in my home to dissinfect the kitchen and the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes!! Great for so many uses and smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Cleans our kitchen and bathrooms perfectly and does the trick. Helps out with our kids playroom as well to eliminated germs.
Works great for kids to help around the house - and I don't have to worry about them throwing it away (like my microfibers).
clorox wipes are convenient when your traveling to help ensure that you have a clean bathroom break while on the road. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After I use the clorox disinfecting wipes in the bathroom and kitchen counter it feels clean and refreshing after use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very good product I always use and it's very efficient and clean very well. Helps my family staying healthy this season This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Your Clorox wipes are fantastic, but there has to be a better way to get those last few wipes out of the canister... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use them for every day cleaning of counters, milk jugs when we bring them home from the store, bathroom, and door handles.
I really love Clorox product. I use it to clean and disinfect the restroom and kitchen in my home. LOVE THIS PRODUCT. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use this especially when you have a sick kid to clean up the bathroom afterwards. They are handy and great to use.
I love using the disinfecting wipes for cleaning the bathroom. It helps to cut the time spent in this room cleaning short.
I love clorox products! I love the smell and the way that it keep everything so clean and so fresh. I love clorox anything!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use and convenient. I keep a container in my desk drawer at work to keep my work area clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE IT! The wipes are easy to use and gentle enough for any surface. Cleans very well and the smell isn't too harsh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wetness, the thickness of the wipes, the size, the clean smell. All this creates a freshness feel when cleaning.
I love the smell of clorox wipes, but I took one star off b/c I do think lysol wipes clean stubborn messes a little better.
I love these wipes, I keep them within grabbing distance in every area of my home that has surfaces needing to be cleaned! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product!!! Having a small child we are constantly cleaning up things on the go and clorox wipes do the trick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's great for disinfecting, very convenient and smells great. However, I do notice it leaves a sticky residue at times.
No spray required, disinfects my counters after handling meat, and convenient to use on toilet and stains on floors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really injoy buying clorox products they smell great clean and disenfect. I would highly recomend it to my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very easy to use and powerful. I always grab a clorox wipe to clean. Especially when I have a 20 month old at home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used Clorox my whole life and have to say it does wonders and never fells to surprise me with all it can do! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great for the kids to use to clean. I keep some in the bathroom for them to wipe down the counter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it great cleaning product and pricing is reasonable. I clean very well with and great use for stain removers This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the ease and effectiveness of this product. I use it in the kitchen, bathroom, and office. Smells great too This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the smell and how easy these are.. my house is always clean and fresh smelling because of clorox wipes..! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use your finger doesn't get caught in the hole to rip out the wipes. Once you use it, you toss it away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like that the bleach get clothes whiter and that bleach products takes stains off my kitchen counter every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use Clorox wipes for quick clean ups and sanitizing. There is a tub of them in every bathroom in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are great! Very convenient and useful. Especially when you have tiny little babies to clean up after. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to have Clorox wipes on hand in every bathroom for quick cleaning. It fast, effective, and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wished wipes were larger and thicker, found my wish came true! New Clorax wipes actually are bigger and thicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I don't like using antibacterial products too often, when necessary I appreciate the ease of these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use. I have one tub in every bathroom in my house. makes for quick clean up that you get living with men. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I trust Clorox when using other products like bleach so I trust the quality of Clorox wipes. Plus they smell good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are so easy to use. I stock up on these. I couldn't imagine cleaning my house without these. I love them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great source for keeping your clothes clean and whiter. It's also great for disinfecting your home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Perfect product, just wish it were available in other scents and just a bit larger for those extra tough jobs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product This product cleans my home better than any product i have tried i would recomment it to everyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this! It really takes the time out for spray and cloth. Use this instead of your current cleaning supplies This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Clorox wipes because they clean really well, and they are so easy to use, my kids use them all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy it is to use the wipes. You can clean and disinfect something so quickly. the scent is awesome. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the smell of the lemon clorox wipes. They are easy to use and really disenfects. I love cleaning with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use the wipes for cleaning my counter tops of MY camper. It is convient when there is limited water. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox wipes are a great tool to carry when traveling in car or rv. easy clean up and deodorizes and disenfects This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love how easy these are to use. Love the smell. My bathroom is cleaned daily with these little wipes. Awesome. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have pet at home and young children. this product is easy and convenient when bi have to get rid of a mess quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Confident Clean. I need something that disinfects but does not smell harsh like bleach. This is thar product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these in my bathroom all the time! Especially on my commode...because yuck... who wants to touch that... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are a quick and easy way to disinfect anything around the house, from counter tops to doorknobs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes. My family is pretty active with sports the wipes make cleaninv up easy and fast This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox gets the job done and i trust this company and all its products to protect my family and keep us safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a one year old, the clorox wipes are convenient (no mess) for quick cleanup that needs to be disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I cannot buy enough of these! They are so much easier than other cleaning supplies! Would love to see more coupons.
With a busy life, I use this product to clean my bathroom for quick and easy cleaning whenever I saw there is need.
I use it almost everyday on everything. Having little kids, and germs spreading, it's a must in our household! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I purchase these wipes because they are an easy way to clean. I have a 1 year old and it is very cinvenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have an infant and dog and things can get pretty messy. Clorox wipes helps clean up messes really easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these when a spill happens. instead of grabbing the spray and rag, just rip out a towelette and wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love the convenience of this product! It leaves a clean smell, disinfects, and cleans thoroughly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, works well - use them mostly at work to quickly wipe down keyboards, mice, doorknobs, phones, etc This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are convenient and easy to use. I use them to wipe up light messes in the kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the convenience of having these wipes, and I love that I know germs are being removed when i use them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great! I always feel like I am getting things much cleaner than if I were to just use a washcloth. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these to clean off our counters nearly every day. Super easy to just pull out and give a quick wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great to send to teachers at my son's school to help keep classrooms clean and kids germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the Clorox wipes because they are convenient to use. It would be nice if they were a little thicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product always leaves my home feeling clean and smelling great. would definitely recommend to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to use these in the bathroom. After putting on my makeup these are great when wiping down the counter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the only type of brand wipes i prefer to buy. its so easy and quick! no mess, no wipes tearing apart. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having Clorox wipes is a must have in our house, very convenient and beneficial in kitchen, bathrooms, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Trusted name of Clorox to handle all of our disinfecting needs. Works great and sturdy for those tough clean-ups.
I prefer Clorox wipes because they last longer and clean better than other methods. I also like the germ-killing.
I love the Clorox pen and the wipes! we use the wipes on a daily basis in our home. We just love them!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes because they are easy to use, convenient, and after I'm done, I can just throw them away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product...Gets the job done and doesnt have a strong bleach smell...but instead a smell of lemons This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convince of the Clorox wipes. It allows me to easily disinfect the hard surfaces of my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Best product ever, I use it everyday. I am don't have to use any other product as long as I have clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the use of Lemon in this cleaner. it not only disinfects, but makes my home smell fresh and amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is my go-to brand for cleaning supplies. It does the job well and leaves a fresh and clean scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always preferred Clorox brand bleach for my clothes and now Clorox brand wipes for quick clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells great and works on a variety of surfaces - only issue is its difficult to pick up dust without smearing
I have a husband and a 6 year old son. I am always cleaning behind them. These are easy to use and clean great
I really like this product they are easy to use and help me keep my home clean with two small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are my favorite! I use them to clean the bathroom and kitchen counter, the highchair, you name it!
I am happy with all of the wipes except for the glass cleaning ones. They leave a streak on the mirrors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have rental properties so there's always something to clean. I keep these on hand all the time. They're great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My family recently had the flu bug and theses wipes were my best friend and made me feel like my house was sanitized!
I keep Clorox Wipes in every bathroom so I can keep things clean and disinfected in less than a minute! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent cleaning product for a kitchen with kids. Also great in the bathroom and essential for potty training! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They clean more thoroughly than other brands, or non-brands. With kids of school age that is important. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient product for cleaning up after messy kids! I would buy this product more if I could afford it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Get Clorox clean! Tis the season for germsuse Clorox wipes to make sure the whole family stays healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
wipes could be thicker but they get the job done fine. I wish more came in the container for the price. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Does an excellent job on grease on the stove and the scent of lemon doesn't stay on your hand like others do.
Keep the wipes stashed in a few places! Easy to pull out and wipe up after your company's messy sneeze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox Wipes, I am a school teacher and these really come in handy in the classroom. Love Them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only use Clorox to clean my house! This is the only brand I trust to kill germs and clean surfaces This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love buying Clorox wipes! I always have some on hand. They are great for cleaning all around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the scent and how convenient they are to use! I do with they wouldn't streak so badly though:( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
like the produt and the scent I think it does a good job cleaning, that's what we all want. Have a great day
love these i use them all over the house i use them at work and in the car.. they are a very universal wipes
Great product! With two small children in the home, use these constantly for quick and easy clean up!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product for what is meant to do. Really wish the more natural cleansers could live up to clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are convenient and great for on the go. I keep them in the car and also great for camping. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is nice to have something available and so easy to use that can disinfect....especially with 4 kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use this product all the time. smells nice and it does the job.I also use it in the bathroom for quick clean ups.
I like the clorox wipe because they are easy to use and I know that I'm killing germs with each wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! They are great for quick clean up of our downstairs bathroom before guests arrive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Really like the wipes makes it easy and convenient to clean up small messes and to disinfect surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product, use it all the time for a quick counter wipe down. Perfect for disinfecting and smells good!
THIS STUFF IS VERY GOOD. I USE IT WITH CHILDREN IN THE HJOME AND THEY ARE PERFECT! THANK YOU CLOROX! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very convenient to use. It is easy to use, does the job well, and is also affordable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects well and I feel like this product helps keep my family healthy by killing multiple germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox spray and wipes. Both are great for cleaning up spills and I can trust that it is clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
fiance is a clean freak. if i can get something i have to buy for her anyway for less than why not This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these for cleaning my son's lunch pail to ensure it stays bacteria free on the inside and out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They smell excellent, help keep the desks in my classroom clean, and it's easy for the kids to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the cleaning power of clorax products. It whitens your clothes and disinfects your counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy the ease of using Clorox disinfecting wipes around my home especially during the flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It is so easy to clean up messes in the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these handy wipes for disinfecting just about everything. Especially during the sick seasons. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I carry clorox wipes in my car and in my work bag, whenever I need to disinfect anything I use them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the ease of the wipes. When my kids get sticky fingers everywhere I am able to grab and wipe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product! I really the like the scrubby ability coupled with the disinfecting and fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product. My husband is a mechanic and it removes all his finger prints from our doors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! I love cleaning all the areas of my home with these. I even clean my car with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so convenient and easy to use. I like how they disinfect and whiten. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a brand I've seen around the house since I was a little girl now it's a brand I trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes. I feel confident that my countertops and sinks are germ free after using them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like using clorax wipes because they are convenient to use for a quick clean up on my counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy clorox products this too will give the same satisfiying results look forward to using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox disinfectant wipes when I wipe my kitchen counters. These are perfect to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Best ever clorox helps brighten and disinfect everything from cold and flu to cleaning everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to have a canister of Clorox wipes under every sink in the house for convenient clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i have used this product mostly my whole life! is a very good product. I used it for mostly everything.
Great to have around with two little boys running around putting their little hands on everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these because they are easy to use and work on hard spots. It easily cleans the spots away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy using Clorox wipes in my home. I would recommend them to others. They don't set off my asthma.
Lots of messes in my classroom, after birthday parties, after science lessons and before parties. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE TO USE THIS PRODUCT IN BETWEEN CLEANS.I HAVE ONE IN EVRY BATHROOM AND KITCHEN IN MY HOME. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! A must have for any house. I have them in the kitchen, bathroom by the computer.
Awesome! I am always sure to carry them with me cause with 4 kids...they are always getting DIRTY This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, disinfects well. So easy to use that even the kids love to help wipe the counter top This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox works great on my hard to get rid of kitchen stains, and clears my bathtub up very nicely! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects and keeps my home smelling fresh easy to use all all sorts of surfaces throughout the house
leave a fresh scents. clean and disinfects the area very well. leave a clean and shiny appearance This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. The wipes are convenient and good to remove kitchen grease. Great on small messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep clorox in my car and use it in public bathrooms, motels and even restaurants to sanitize . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product because it is convenient and easy to use to clean up messes quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love how it disinfects especially since I have a 1year old grandchild and it smells great!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes. They are so handy and I know they are getting things clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fact that no residue is left when using the product, also leaves a fresh odor, not a chemical one
Wipes work well. They get tough jobs done and clean and sanitize all in one. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Cleans and deodorizes. Works great on all surfaces and it's easy to use. Definitely recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are a fast an easy way to clean up and disinfect all around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I very much like this product. My grandson is potty training and some of the messes are unbelievable!
LOVE!! just hate that you have to rinse the counter top after you use the wipes pretty redundant This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (lemon) works great! The one thing that makes me not LOVE it is the smell.
Wipes are great to have on hand when you travel. You can bring them on the plane without issue! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the lemony smell and knowing it's cleaning my house so thoroughly makes me feel secure. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love having a disinfectant wipe to use when cleaning. Lemon / citrus flavors are the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Your product is an easy clean up on small messes. When I need to clean a toy, I grab the wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used Clorox wipes on stains and grease. The stains comes off very easy. I'm a huge fan! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a toddler who is constantly making messes. These wipes are super quick and effective! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy using Clorox wipes in my classroom, they help disinfect and are convenient to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these things, they are so convenient for quick clean-up whether the mess is big or small! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very helpful in cleaning up everyday messes. Even young children can clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clean great, smell nice and are very good at cleaning spills and messes on the countertop. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. They are easy to use and I use them to clean the outside of our toilets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wipes for everyday cleaning up messes or just disinfecting and I love the smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Best for disinfecting counter tops/sinks and knobs. Great to have when kids are sick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this stuff! I could do without the lemon scent, but it's great for cleaning up quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy these all the time! perfect for young kids and cleaning up after lunch and even toy clean up
Fresh scent and easy to use makes cleaning fun! I use these for kitchen and dinning room cleaning.
I love to use these in the bathrooms. Especially on the toilet when you are tight for time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using this product, the surface is clean and disinfected. The Clorox name says it all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use, therefore more likely to be used than a regular cleaning cloth. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
cleans well and disinfects. I can always trust this product to help clean away all the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. these wipes come in very handy and I use them often throughout my whole house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love my Clorox wipes! They are convenient and easy to use, anywhere - at home or on the go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of keeping a canister of wipes under the bathroom sink for quick wipe downs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product because it is so convenient for me to use on the toilets for quick and easy cleaning.
Love the smell. Love using it for quick cleanups when I have uninvited and unexpected guest. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the clorox wipes in my bathrooms! they are great for quick clean up and to disinfect.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes smell amazing , and are so easy and convenient for a great disinfectant all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We keep these wipes on hand during flu season. A great way to help prevent spreading germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE CLOROX! I use it everywhere since I have 2 little ones that make a mess every day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
they smell great and I use them in every room of the house! we buy them on a regular basis This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are: easy to use: easy to take with along good cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like how easy they are to use- can wipe and trash. No laundry to worry about after This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the kitchen wipes but I wish they were bigger. Love the grease cutting power though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them on a daily basis to clean my house and to disinfect I always have them on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a huge germ phobia and using Clorox products have always givens me peace of mind!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clean n fresh my house will away stay clean with Clorox it disinfect n clean like no other This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product that helps maintain little messes that would otherwise become big headaches! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
fast easy to use and just toss after. I use these to wipes door knobs, counters and kids table.
great for clean ups, bathroom kitchen, etc. Easy to use discreetly when guests are there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Only clorox can kill the nora virus/flu virus on surfaces. Do I have to say anything else This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like clorox because it is a household name and when i think of bleach, i think clorox!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are highly effective and I feel that the items or surface are clean after I use it.
I really enjoy using them. My kid can help me since they are mess free and sanitizing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are amazing. I use them to clean up everything. I go through so many of these This review was collected as part of a promotion.
they are wonderful on cleaning up messes. i think they do a great job on disaffecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Really easy and quick clean-ups in the bathroom and kitchen, and nice scent selections as well.
I love using these in my kitchen. They are great for my kids to learn to clean up as well This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome product. I really really really like to use them for how easy they are to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
is good product to use and people should use this excellent product than other company! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like to keep these in the bathroom for a quick clean up of counters, toilets and floors This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I alwys use Clorox wipes because they don't leave straks on my appliances and stove top. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for the kitchen! easy to grab one and tidy up the counters sink and even cabinets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes. I feel like my home is extra clean when I use it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Does everything that it says it will do, love that its super convenient and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having these wipes around my classroom to clean-up desks, counters, and spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product to use to sanitize the house and with the kitchen with messy little ones. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use Clorox wipes. They are great. Highly recommend for all around the house use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like them very juicy. I just use to many at one time, with paper towels. Thicker is better to thin but still awesome. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fact that I do not have to use so many paper towels when I have this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox, it helps us from getting sick. And it always makes my home smell nice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My family uses these everyday and my husband also carries these to work to sanitize the truck that he shares with other coworkers by wiping down the steering wheel, gear shifter etc.
These are great. They do a superb job cleaning (we especially use them in the kitchen and bathroom) and disinfecting, and the scent's pleasant too -- not too overpowering, but just enough so it doesn't smell like traditional cleaner. The individual sheets aren't so big they're hard to work with, but not so small you can't get a decent surface area done, either. My only quibble would be that the containers don't keep the wipes from drying out as well as I'd like. They can occasionally be hard to close, and hard to get the sheets to stay in the part where you pull them out. Not that these dry out quickly, but that a more robust container might preserve these even longer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In 2009 I bought a brand new car with a brand new baby to put in it. As the baby has grown into a messy boy, the car has grown filthy. I attempted to clean the muck off with car cleaners and just couldn't ever get all the yuck off... and they always smelled bad. My husband suggested Clorox with the added, it couldn't hurt to try it. Hesitant about the results and the abrasiveness on my car, I started to scrub. I'll be honest and tell you I went through a whole container, but the car has never looked better! And I didn't mind going through a whole container because Clorox was so much more affordable than the stinky car cleaners. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like using wipes to clean counter tops or other surfaces instead of using a cleaner and a paper towel or rag because of the convienience. I really like the smell and feel the area is clean but for really getting a stain or scrubbing, i have found other products that have scubby side of the wipes, also i havnet found that stains from blue berries or things that you need to use other cleaners for that these work on. overall they are great because they disinfecr, smell good and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Them. Use them in our kitchen, bathroomso, cars, you name it we use them! Wish they weren't so exspensive but will pay it for the product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of these wipes. They are sturdy yet soft and stay moist when sealed properly, and they are able to clean and disinfect in tight spaces. Whenever my family gets sick I go around the house wiping surfaces that are often touched, including remotes and door/faucet handles. I used to do this with lysol spray but found it much more convenient to just target the areas I need without accidentally spraying all over the place (including on my pets!). The Fresh aroma is pretty average and I plan on trying the other scents in the future.
I love this product and use it daily. The price is reasonable and it always leaves my kitchen smelling fresh, not only that, but I know it is disinfecting my counters from certain bacteria. I would recommend this product to almost anyone. When I say almost anyone it is because on the label it says that you have to wipe down the surface with water if you plan to put food on it later, which I worry about with my 13 month old daughter. So read the label. But other than that I love it :)
The Clorox disinfecting wipes (lemon scent) are a great product. I use them all the time in my kitchen because they disinfect and they also get out a lot of stuck on food. I also use them in various places around the house as they are so easy to use. Just grab one and go! You can also buy the smaller packs and use them to disinfect public areas where you might catch the flu. A few examples are shopping cart handles, tables at restaurants, and even door handles in public restrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great for quick and easy clean up of messes. I use them to clean just about every surface of my house. The smell is pleasant and they don't leave behind a harsh bleachy smell. However, on thing I would suggest is making them in a bigger size for bigger messes and to clean more surface.
Hands down the best product to keep my car, my home, and my office germ free! The easy to use wipes go with me wherever life takes me. From my car to a plane to a hotel room, the ready to go Clorox wipes keep me away from germs in shared travel places. In the plane, I disinfect my tray table and remote buttons. In the hotel, the remote control, door knobs, and light switches. Clorox wipes keeps you from bringing home an unwanted souvenir... the flu! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a mother of 5, I use disinfectant wipes often. These are handy to wipe down the stair railings, remotes, phones and keep some in the car to wipe off the steering wheel and door. As with just about every pop up wipe container though, I wish there was a better way to make them come out easier at the beginning and the end. Its always a struggle to get them started and at the end they all come out out at once and they are dripping wet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
If you eat at your desk at work the wipes diffently cleans desk. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are a great rproduct. With 4 kids under 6 in our home we often have a need for a quick clean up. They not only clean up a mess quickly, but disinfect the area at the same time. Great especially in the bathrroom during cold season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
start working when mixed with water, which allows you to enjoy whiter laundry and cleaner surfaces without the spills. Do not mix with bleach or other household products. Always read and follow precautions and usage directions before using cleaning products Read more at https://www.clorox.com/products/clorox-control-bleach-packs/vA5fOomhIIIbyABV.99
I use these wipes throughout my house. I feel like my house is clean after using them.
My husband does construction so at the end of his day in the summer his white's are not white.I soak his tee shirts in clorox and warm water before i wash them for about half hour.They are already back to white.After washing them they are white as white can be, Thank you. The wipes i use every day cause we have a 2 year old granddaughter we have every night,so to keep things clean and disinfected.Been working out great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how durable these wipe are. I use them mostly in the kitchen and I can get the grime out from under my stove burner bowls that drives me crazy! If I had to complain, the container can be a pain to get the wipes out!
Clorox wipes are great to have in the kitchen and bathroom. It makes it simple to wipe up counters and stovetops after each cook in between deep cleans. They are durable and easy to use and leave the area smelling clean.
I love these things!!! We have a 1 and 2 year old, and then added a puppy to the mix. Wouldn't you know it, while the puppy didn't have worms, it did have a virus that could be passed to little kids. Ugh... I had 14 days of keeping a puppy and her messes totally away from the kids, and it was no easy task! These wipes were great for keeping the messes contained and dis-infecting the kitchen floor as needed.
I have tried other brands and also lesser priced brands of cleaning wipes and I come back to Clorox. They clean well, stay moist until the end of the roll and my house smells as fresh and I know it is clean. I use the wipes on many things. Often use them just to wipe down my purse when I think of all the yucky places it has landed. Shoes and sneakers also. They have many uses. A Good Product
I love using Clorox products because it is a great disinfectant. The products have a variety of uses from Laundry, bathroom and kitchen cleaning. Clorox products leaves whites whiter and brighter, surfaces spotless and eases the minds of parents wanting a clean house. One of my many favorites (and new favorite) is the Clorox window wipes. Streak free and clean, disinfectant surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is great...It smells clean and fresh, it deodorizes, and disinfects. I love it. If you haven't tried it, you should. It is one of the best cleaners that I have used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes because they are convenient and I know that I am not spreading germs from one cleaning surface to the other as I would using a regular cloth to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that they have a powerful cleaning. I feel that it disinfects, so I believe that I am protecting my children. It is very easy to use. They are very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Clorox products for as long as I can remember and I don't know what I would do without them, especially now that I have kids! I think I use Clorox even more now that my kids are older. I never knew a 6 year old boy could get/make such a mess! Not to mention all the germs both my kids bring home with them from school! Thank you Clorox...you're a life saver! : ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love colorox bleach I use it for everything from my laundry to cleaning everything else I use regular bleach to color bleach to wipes I just love Clorox bleach This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are a good size and smell nice. I really like having the wipes for quick clean-ups that don't require much cleaning. My favorite part is that they disinfect.
The Clorox Wipes are so convenient and disinfects in a flash! I make sure to always have some on hand for those quick clean sessions. I also love the fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Clorox wipes because they easy to use and they do not leave behind any residue when you are done. Also they are safe to use to clean some electronics. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are the perfect product for a busy mom of 2. Wipe downs are simple and less time consuming and leave my house clean and my surfaces disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are so convenient to use and they give me piece of mind knowing that whatever gets wiped with them really is, well, clean! I use them on my counters after cutting meat poultry, in my bathroom on my toilet and sink, and they are great for things you touch everyday but never bother to clean, like the trash can lid, door handles, and light switches. I always have a canister within easy reach in my kitchen and bathroom. Oh, and I never travel without my Clorox wipes! I always take some wipes from the canister, stick them in a Ziploc bag, and put them in my purse. Ever been disgusted my a public restroom or porta-potty Not anymore! One time, while at a Kings of Leon concert, my friends and I were waiting in the long line for the ladies room when I suggested to just use the porta-pottys in the smoking area. They were all like, Eww! Gross! No way am I going in one of those! So, I grabbed my Ziploc full of wipes, hopped right into a porta-potty no line, score!, wiped down the door handle first then the seat, gave it a minute to dry and BAM, I'm good to go. Not only did I get back before my friends had even gotten a stall, but I got to use a CLEAN toilet where as they had to do the squat and shuffle! Needless to say, they opted to use the porta-potty the next time around and they stopped making fun of me for being a clean freak....who's laughing now!!! The only reason I didn't give these wipes 5 stars is because they leave streaks and don't work awesomely word or not, I used it! lol on greasy messes...I still have to take out my degreaser when I clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox wipes! I love to keep them handy for a quick clean up. These were perfcect when we went camping to clean up the camper and tables. I love them around the house to quick clean off kid tables or the kitchen counter. My only complaint is that they dry out rather quick. I wish they held a little more cleaner so it took less wipes to get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like this product. Easy to use only one thing that my husband complains the strong smell of Clorox. But other wise its good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I teach in a first grade classroom - which means it gets a little smelly and a lot sticky all the time. Clorox wipes are great for a end of the week wipe down of the desks/tables, and even better for a spur of the moment wipe down of the work area of a suddenly sick child! Great for everyday cleaning 3 bars because they are a little expensive. But 5 bars on convenience!
These wipes are my go to when I am in a hurry and in between cleanings. They make me feel like the germs are gone without completing a full clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy Clorox products. They work very well and help keep my household clean. The products are very easy to use and worth purchasing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So easy to keep around the house, especially with little kids. great for cleaning after dinner as well as in bathrooms. Wish they were less toxic (supposed to wash with water before eating off surface I think) as I care more about just getting something clean than actually disinfecting. These do not bother my skin, however, as some disinfecting products do.
Love Clorox wipes for the ease of cleaning. I can even get my teen age son to clean his bathroom with Clorox wipes. Not an easy task! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome product. When I use this product it is so easy. Just pull out a wipe and there it is done. No bootles or rags to clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product and I always have some on hand for a quick spill, keep them under the kitchen sink and some in each bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how Clorox keeps my house fresh and clean. The smell when you are cleaning is not overpowering, it smells great!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is so easy to use with my 3 month old grandson in one hand and grabbing this product with the other. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes are much better to use than generic or even other name brand cleaning wipes. They smell great and I know that it keeps our bathrooms clean since they also include bleach. I would only recommend that they are easier to begin when you open them with the first wipe and that there was not so much liquid left over near the end.
I love the smell but don't like the streaks that it leaves. I feel everything is clean but those streaks drive me crazy.
These wipes are so convenient to use all around the home and office. It is quick way to disinfect surfaces and door handles where most bacteria and viruses are found. I use them daily for safe cleaning and peace of mind to prevent spread of illnesses especially during the flu season. So, protect yourself and family by using them daily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox. It is definitely the go to in my house for everything! Especially beating that winter flu! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a great product especially for a full time working mom. It makes clean up a breeze and I can rest assured that things are really clean after I use it. I have a daughter who is severely allergic to peanuts so we use the wipes all the time to clean the space to protect her from having an anaphylactic reaction. Thanks Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For a quick clean up it works great the only thing that it could improve is to have a little bigger sheets
I appreciate the ease of using the Clorox wipes. I keep a canister in the bathroom, especially when there is illness in the house. It makes easy disinfection after the person that is ill has touched sink handles and other surfaces. It also makes it easy for my boys to clean up after themselves if they miss in the bathroom. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the best disinfect product hands down!! I have a 5yr. old son with Asthma, who is prone to diseases around flu season.. I disinfect my whole house with these wipes, from the base boards to bed head boards, light switches door knobs!!! The wipes keep my family safe along with good hand washing hygiene! Thanks Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are a staple in my household! It's dependable and versatile for all the surfaces in my home
We prefer clorox disinfecting wipes. They are easy and convenient for everyday spills and messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like these but i hate how the scent stays on your hands even after washing with soap and water. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great easy cleaning item..use it to wipe down the litter box and it helps keep it smelling fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the Clorox Wipes to-go because they are convenient and they get most surfaces looking new. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Clorox wipes and they are very convenient to quickly disinfect and clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My husband loves these.. they smell good and clean up most hard to clean jobs. Plus since they are a disinfecting wipe we can give one to the kids and they will wipe down the walls and objects around the house. Which helps not just get things clean and keep the kids busy but also kill the germs that show up this time of year.
I use this as a quick grab cleaning wipe, with toddlers this makes life a great deal easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the Clorox wipes on a daily basis to clean up in my classroom. They are a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes in every room - they are a great alternative to a spray cleaner and paper towels!
These are great at home and with it being flu season, they are even better for school! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product in various rooms in our house. I have a medically fragile child so it's important to know things are as clean as they can be. These wipes are easy to use and effective. Only negative is when you get down to the last few they come out dripping wet because they are soaking in what's left of the solution.
it cleans and disinfects which is especially important during this extreme flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've always use clorox wipes to disinfect my home and classroom. They work really well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are tough and durable and I know im eliminating germs when I use this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great and cleans up great with my two year old son. He can be very messy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the smell, the convenience and the knowledge that they work to sanitize! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these for so many different things at our house. My son is a wrestler and a football player, we use them to disinfect all of his sports equipment. They get a work out in my kitchen, not to mention in the bathroom of my teenage son. He will actually clean up after himself if he has a wipe! Thank you Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the clean fresh smell that you get from Clorox, you know its really working! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are my favorite wipes because not only do they clean well, but they smell awesome!
THis product is very awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We disinfect tables and desks used for meetings and colloquia about 1x/wk. Clorox Wipes scrub the gunk (body oils, food remnants, dust, dirt from being in an open-air building) from the surfaces with the bumpy side of the cloths. The tables and desks also smell wonderful that's why we buy the lemon scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like using these to clean up the bathroom. Quick and easy to use. Work well.
Works well around the house - pleasant smell that is not overpowering This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's hard to avoid germs in the winter time and when they hit my house I knew I had to fight back. That's why I went out and purchased Clorox disinfecting wipes. Within 3 days everyone was back to their 100 percent because we had said goodbye to the germs. Thanks clorox for helping me fight this yearly battle.
Convenient super easy to use! I disinfect everything with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great, easy to use, and smell fantastic. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a busy mom these wipes are so easy to use and do such a great job! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this is a grea product i used this in my vlassroom to clean up after a lab
I use these to clean up in the kitchen after cooking. Great tool! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product! Love using! My house feels cleaner when I'm done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product that makes your home smell great after cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use them on just about anything that needs cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like these products! the coupon is just a bonus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its a good prodect. and i really recamend it to other familys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these to use as a quick clean up that also disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product! I have tried other brands and they just don't work as well as Clorox. The only downfall, the top of the container never stays together and I end up having to stick my hand in the container and pull the wipes out. However, Clorox wipes offer a thorough cleaning and they are very convenient.
When you need to clean a spill quickly these are the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
TOILET LEANER ROCKS makes the toilet very clean and white This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Clorox disinfecting wipes better than any others that I have tried because they do not leave as much of a sticky feeling after they dry as other products. Still, there is a sticky residue left behind as well as streaks. I hope that there will be improvements made to the product in the future.
works great lovvvvvvvvveeeeee. definitley recommend This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Germs are gross and these wipes take care of them, yay! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am very happy to use these wipes while cleaning the stain.
Love disinfecting wipes because they are so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the cleaning wipes, not a big fan of the lemon scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Simple and oh so easy to use. Hubby likes too. Cleanest!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a trusted product for controlling winter germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these convenient wipes! Great for the whole house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
always good quality, always clean well and disinfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are great to use for disinfecting surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product kills bacteria and keeps my home clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for cleaning up small messes and disinfecting! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This works great for cleaning up after preparing meals with meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, etc. The only drawback is that it starts out putting a lot of liquid down, then dries out rather quickly, so you have to use it fast. I like the fresh scent it isn't as overpowering as the scented versions.
Like the product. Will continue to use. Easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product always makes my house smell like lemons.
the product is great, fast, usefull. Nice packaging
I love these wipes for cleaning once I get the first wipe pulled out from the middle. I find it very hard to find the middle sometimes. I wish Clorox would put some kind of pull or tab to help the comsumer pull the first wipe out. Otherwise, they are great for cleaning and so convenient.
I often reach for the disinfecting wipes as they are so easy to use. I actually keep them throughout the house (and even at my desk at work). These wipes can handle the daily smaller jobs as well as bigger jobs! I like knowing that these wipes disinfect as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this cleaning product because it cleans everything in the house.. I don't have to worry about using a spray or anything I just grab and wipe up a mess without worry about staining a rag or dishtowel. Plus they are great deodorizers too... I love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I carry these everywhere I am a mom of 3 and I love them especially with white walls . I use them from wall cleaning to the restroom . I love the travel pack especially with one potty training and does not understand about the PLEASE DONT Touch the Potty . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like the convenience that the wipes offer me when i spill something, they are easy to use and quick to grab and use too. i like that the disenfect and leave my house feeling nice and fresh snd clean when i use them. they could be a little cheaper though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have personally used Clorox Wipes for years. I like the convenience and ease of using Clorox Wipes. I can trust that my surfaces are truly clean and disinfected. But what I love most is that my husband will help me clean when I have Clorox wipes on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My favorite feature of this item is the scrubbing side it works great in the kitchen. The only down side is that its difficult to get the wipes out once you get to the end, I spilled the solution all over the floor trying to get the last one out lol This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A new use for your wipes Attach them to your floor cleaning pad and use to disinfect the floor. They are much cheaper than the cleaning pads made for the this device. The only thing I don't like is that they aren't the easiest to get out of the canister. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product forever it seems. This is one product that I can say I am brand loyal to. I love the smell and the feeling of clean that comes with wiping things down with them. It is so nice to grab a wipe rather than a spray jug and a towel.
I love how these wipes make my kitchen smell like lemons, although I use them in virtually every room in the house. Especially handy for the bathroom and for sanitizing and de-odorizing the cat box. Also keep them in the car for sticky fingers and spills This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell that you can clean and disinfect at the same time. I like that you can use them on most anything. Th eone thing I really dont like about them is for some reason they are much wetter then the Lysol cleaning wipes. all in all they are good.
My husband and I just got a little puppy so there are always small messes around the house. I am a little bit of a clean freak so knowing that I am cleaning up his messes with a product that will disinfect while I wipe makes me feel so much better!
While I love the scent of the Fresh Scent, these lemon scented Clorox wipes do the trick! They are very easy to use and I love having them available to wipe down heavily used counter tops, the fridge door as well as the kitchen table every morning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use and a great way to spend your money. They disinfect and you can use them for easy spills. They are a nice product to use if you need to clean something quickly, and also thou roughly. I highly recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having these Clorox wipes on hand means I clean more often. I'm not sure what it is about them since I could just as easily spray a paper towel and clean. But I love having these on hand to do a quick cleaning of the bathroom counter and toilet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes, after my family eats a meal or after I clean the kitchen, Clorox wipes are a great way to pick up the mess. Even the stove, especially with the grease! I couldn't imagine having a household without Clorox wipes in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are the only disinfecting wipes i use.... depending on the size of the mess, i can usually wipe down my whole countertop with just one wipe... leaves my surfaces shiny, clean smelling great, and most importantly, i know thye are germ free!
I like how easily the Clorox wipes clean spots and stuff off the counters and surfaces. The smell of them is usually okay but sometimes a little chemically. I do wish they wouldn't make the skin on my hands feel as weird as they do. Thanks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely loves these handy wipes. They are so useful all around the house are great at removing stains from my counter tops and disinfecting everything in the bathroom. The only downfall is they just spread dust around but nothing is perfect!
I really like the wipes because I can use just the right amount and not have such a strong bleach smell throughout my house and my oldest can use them and I don't have to worry about her ruining something by spilling the bleach everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes make it really easy to wipe my entertainment center. (Which gets dirty and dusty very quickly.) If I am really just wanting to get my kitchen counters clean, I hurry and grab a wipe. They sanitize quickly and I really like that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are so easy and convenient to use for clean ups and disinfectants. I don't have to leave a yucky sponge on the sink! I wish that there was a little more in the canister for the cost, but so far it hasn't stopped me from buying them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am in love with this product. The time it saves makes the little extra expensive worth it. It saves me time in preparing cleaning supplies for a job as well as the time it takes to wash the products I would normally use to clean with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox disinfecting wipes are a good product, that has may uses. There are a few improvements that could be made however. The towels themselves should be stronger. They seem to disintegrate before all of the cleaning fluid has been used.
These wipes are very handy for getting your cleaning done quickly. I keep them in the bathroom and use them to wipe down all surface areas for a quick 10 minute cleaning. Keep it up every week and it's that easy to maintain a clean room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These can be used for almost type of cleaning. It even makes cleaning easy and sometimes fun for all 3 of my kids. From wiping doorknobs, remote controls and light switches to cleaning a dirty pair of shoes, these wipes can do most any job!
I really like the smell and clean look I get on my tub, sink and toilet after using the disinfecting wipes. The fresh smell is wonderful rather than a chemically smell. I wish the wipes were larger since I find myself doubling up on them.
The cloths are sturdy and have a mild, pleasant scent - nothing overpowering. Great for wiping down things that shouldn't get too wet. The only negative feature of this product is that it is sometimes difficult to dispense the first wipe.
This is a great product for killing germs. It has a great scent not too over powering. I really like this product and I use it alot. The price is usually good. The wipes are great for everyday messes around the house. I like this product.
I absolutely love Clorox wipes. They make cleaning the kitchen so much easier!!! They remove grease so quickly and easily. I've tried other brands and they don't come close to cleaning and disinfecting as well as the Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
amazing easy to use! love the scent that it leaves. the price is reasonable the product could be found in pretty much all department stores! if you havent tried it yet, you're missing out!! run and get yourself a bottle to try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for cleaning up after messy kids. Disinfects and leaves the surface clean and the area smelling fresh. Makes me feel confident that the area is clean after having a sick child. Clorox wipes are the product I go with most. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I prefer to use Greenworks to be green sometimes as a mom I need more. Like this morning when my son threw up. Instead of a spray that takes longer to dry I can use the wipes for fast and easy disinfecting and clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I quite enjoy this product. The scent is wonderful and fresh. And then the wipes are very durable and I use them in my kitchen to clean my stove and etc. I also use them to clean my floor boards and different areas in my bathroom.
These wipes are a mothers best friend! We use these to clean and disinfect all our wonderful childrens dirty, sticky, slimmy handprints they leave on walls, cabinets, tables toys and anything else they can manage to reach! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are my go to cleaner to make sure my home is clean and germ free. I use them for anything from wiping down countertops to door knobs and telephones. They are a great addition to my cleaning arsenal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wish this review was for the clorox scrubby wipes! I have used the Lemon wipes a few times and they work very good! I am more into the scrubby wipes from Clorox, but these are just as good! I am a Clorox fan all the way!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love keeping Clorox disinfecting wipes under all the sinks in my home for quick clean ups. We buy meat in bulk and package it in freezer bags..these are great for wiping down the counter after dealing with all the raw meat :-)
Love these wipes! They are perfect for when you are in a hurry. Or just have a small area to clean. Not a big fan of germ infested sponges so these make a nice alternative. They also have a nice scent that is not overwhelming.
I love everything about these wipes but the scent can be very over powering. It eventually airs out without help, it's not a big issue unless you don't like lemon. I prefer the fresh scent. Works wonders on my stove! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Using Clorox wipes is the easiest way to keep my home clean and sanitized. I have a five year old and I like to keep the house as germ free as possible. I have even taught him to use them to clean up after himself. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are so easy and convenient to use. Whenever my kids are sick, I keep these close to wipe down everything. Even when no one is sick, they are a great cleaning tool. We use them all the time at our house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are really good to keep handy in your car, purse, home, office etc... The wipes are easily accessible and smell great. I do not know how I managed to get so addicted to them but I always have them on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these for quick clean up of my son's highchair and toys. With a toddler it makes cleaning super easy! And the lemon scent helps from having overpowering smell that most cleaning products contain... Love them!
I love buying Clorox Wipes because you can use them anywhere in the home bathroom, kitchen, dining table, etc. I also feel like with a brand like Clorox I know I am truly cleaning an disinfecting the surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for the bathroom. I use them for everything: floor, sink, toilet, shower and even for wiping down my product (gel, hairspray, etc). These are also great for dusting as the dust sticks right to them.
i have clorox wipes in every room in my house. I love the convenience of ease to use as it cleans and disinfects any messes from my children and pets
I love you using clorox wipes .. Like that they have multiple use for them n very easy to use . they are a great disinfectant. Especially since I always have my niece around I find myself always cleaning w it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are convenient to use and smell good, even though they are disinfecting wipes. I do wish they were more durable, a bit thicker and a little more abrasive. They are a bit too soft in my opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really love this product, great scent that is not too overwhelming and not only disinfects, but makes me feel comfortable with the cleaning it actually does (doesn't just wipe around but cleans deeply). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have 2 kids under the age of 4 and as they continue to grow and eat so does the mess. Clorox wipes are always at hands reach for these occasions. We love them as they clean and disinfect at the same time.
I love using Clorox wipes in my bathroom and kitchen to wipe down counter tops. They sanitize as well as remove stains. I also love using them during flu season to wipe down items in our home and office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes. I work with kids so there are always spills to clean up or it being cold season a lot of germs to kill. These come in so handy. The kids love to use them and clean their tables to help out.
The Clorox disinfecting wipes are excellent. they are the best to clean up kids mess. I have a 12 years old and a five moths baby and I use it around the house, kitchen, bathroom etc. they are the best This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes smell great, are so convenient, and easy to use. My only complaint is that sometimes they leave a touch of residue behind when they dry...not terrible enough that I won't use them though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product we use it all the time at my job. They really get the mess up quickly and it has a light refreshing smell. Could not give it a 5 because sometimes I have to wipe the same spot twice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I find Clorox to be a bit too strong for my everyday, but if I'm struggling with stains that have set in or have a really tough place to clean, I go with Clorox because I know it will get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are one of my favorite cleaning products. I have 2 kids and it eases my mind knowing that my counters and bathroom are disinfected but also my kids can help clean up their messes very easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have pets and sometimes they make messes. I was pleasantly surprised how well these wipes cleaned up the spot the mess left behind. You can't even tell there was ever a clean up in that area! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for a quick wipe down of counters and sinks. Instantly makes the bathroom or kitchen look cleaner! Only downside is the wet time to sanitize, but you'll have that with any sanitization product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i absolutely love Clorox disinfecting wipes!!! I use them all the time I am a germ freak and the wipes ease my mind...I keep them around always even have them in my car///cant live without them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very convenient. They provide a fast way to clean up and disinfect frequently used areas. A nice thing to keep in stock with kids. They clean and disinfect toys very easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are perfect for this house and all these kids. We use them everyday on bathrooms, kitchen, and even the car! Its a great easy and fast way to keep things tidy and disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its tough on germs!! Mommy's need not to worry about their kids getting sick because of viruses and bacteria in the surroundings.I always bring it with me just in case I need to clean something. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have eliminated all disinfectant sprays, rags, and sponges and use Clorox wipes instead. I love the smell and the fact that it kills all germs especially in the bathroom and kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love this product it cleans disinfects and it also deodorizes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I depend on Clorox wipes for kitchen and bathroom easy cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great, cleans well makes all my surfaces feel bacteria free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i always use these wipes to clean up my messes! they are the best This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It cleans everything and less of a mess compare to other cleaners This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used this on my stove. It helps take the tough stains out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use so you use more often-especially when really needed This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox its easy to use an makes every thing smell so good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great cleaning and disinfGreat cleaner and disinfectant.ectant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the ease of using this product to disinfect my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I need something really clean and disinfected I use Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product. I like the wipes because they are easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love using this product it works so good around my house11111 This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a 1.5 year old so these are so easy when he makes a mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have 5 children so this product is so easy to use. I love it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great! These wipes are great! These wipes are great!!
i love it tough on stain and i send them in to my kids school.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for classroom messes and quick clean up around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are really great for cleaning up and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells goodd dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good Value especially for the price and quality of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the way it turn out from my bathroom,kitchen and much more This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use schools require these as part of the school supply list
we use these wipes everywhere in our house. they work amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a teacher, I use these all the time! Keeps the germs away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the lemon. it smells clean without smelling like a pool This review was collected as part of a promotion.
use them regularly. i have a tub in each room of the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product!! I always use it in my bathroom and my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox products, it cleans up the biggest messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very easy to just grab when a small spill happens. Very handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great to keep things sanitized, especially after family colds. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes! We use them for the dogs messes all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
like the way it cleans and love the smell would recommand to others
These are so quick to grab and are safe for all ages to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great to use around the house,especially with small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wipes are convenient but a bigger size would be more helpful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So easy to wipe down messes in every room with clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it works really well for the kitchen - cuts grease very well This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Putting bleach in the toilet and leaving it helps whiten it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes in my whole house and get them for all my family!
Great product...kills most germs and from a reliable company This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very portable have them in car and take them when we go on picnics
I use these wipes all the time especially during flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great to have for quick disinfecting of bathroom and kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Makes cleaning up after my little ones a little less tedious. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE these, but the canister never stays shut and they dry out :( Bummer
this is a good item. I wouls buy this item over other ones This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the clorox wipes! they work great and are easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They disinfect and are easy to use, portable, and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the wipes use them all the time and convenient on trips. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these on my desk at work for a quick cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product! It's great at disinfecting counter tops. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a good product and works well. Feels clean after use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product and very convenient to have around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
good product, especially for households with young children This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use and is used for many purposes.Good scent, fresh smell.
the wipes are convenient and they do a good job of cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
wipe out the germs quick fix the mess i like the smell fresh This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Any home staple to reduce airborne and multiple surfaces This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only buy clorox products. There the best for disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the ease of use and knowing that it is killing germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love knowing that my house is clean after using these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are my go to wipes! Use them everywhere. All the time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
works wonders - very pleased with all the Clorox products :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use and smells great use them on my countertops This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is great when you have small kids in the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use them for quick spills in just about any room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these to rid my home of germs in the Kitchen and Bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Quick and easy from touch ups to whole room disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use them to disinfect surfaces around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product easy to use, inexpensive and works great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like Clorox wipes because they help disinfect everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Never fails me will not choose another cleaning product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My son's preschool uses these everyday. Very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox bleach will get any stain out of white clothes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used these wipes every time I clean my bathroom. I love it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of a wipe, that also disinfects! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use and disinfects which is great with babies This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use them all the time for tons of chores around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent product! Great for accidental spills and messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a 17month old and these are wpnderfu fpr his tpoys This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product it provides a fresh smell afterwards. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product. Use everyday to wipe off counters and sink. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
convenient product that cleans well and is easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! they are perfect to use all over the house.
I love wipes especially when I need to clean in a hurry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use and clean the bathroom counter and toilet This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes !!!! Very convient and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects and cleans at the same time. Very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Really good product. Love the clorox toilet bowl cleaner This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works like a charm dirty grease spots comes right off This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use clorox wipes for almost everything! great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the clorox wipes. They are a great cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these wipes because they're sturdy and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use and cost efficient works great in every room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like them. they leave my house smelling fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes for almost all my cleaning. They work great!
Great value and good on small jobs around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great, easy to use, use them all the time everywhere This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. Cleans so well and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it is a great product, that has a good value to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good stuff I like being clean and i like wiping stuff. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes, especially the different scent options! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient and easy to use to clean, deodorize and disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Cleans well smells good doesn't dry out to soon when using. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use these all the time. Great to have around with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good stuff! It was really good at wiping away the mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great! The wipes save time and much more sanitary! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product - easy to use and store - can grab and go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
works great with having kids and is safe to use in house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are great for cleaning just about anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these on my countertops all the time. They're the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love these wipes. easy way to keep my home germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome product would def. suggest to other people. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very easy to use and they smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the clorox wipes they are great and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
am pleased. seems to work well and cut down on germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are very handy and disinfects and deodorize well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It works well. I wish there were more in the container. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is a really good product for keeping my home clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I can not imagine life without these with the kids... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Definitely one of my 1 choice items for messy cleanup This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product on the regular basis and Love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good Products for all cleaning needs around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! I know its clean when I use these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects my kitchen counter with lemon fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
they clean up nicely. they are nice to have around the house
great wipes to use especially during flu season to kill germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like that the surfaces are clean and smell amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using these wipes for around the house cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Easy to use, and gets the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. I can clean every top in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use for everyday spills when you have toddlers This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! I love using it to clean my son's toys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
All the above!! I have faith in all Clorox products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product to have around when you have toddlers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product and it works for everyday household needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the fresh lemon scent. Makes everything smell clean.
Good for cleaning small messes and quick surface clean ups.
Good Product. I keep them in every room in my hosuse This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always loved to us any type of Clorox product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love it when its clean! it disinfects everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.
a good value for the money cleans well and disinfects This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I smell that lemon scent I know that it is clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy and convenient way to clean up everyday messes, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very easy to use, and I know it's clean with Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a great cleaning product with a wonderful scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the smell... and the clean kitchen and bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the conviences of the wipes....they are awesome This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Handy to keep at the office to keep everything clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product super cconvenient and disinfects! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great! will buy again! i love them. i love them.
From bleach to toilet cleaner, I always buy Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great convenience in one product with great cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
quick and easy and I feel like the germs are gone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
way better than other brand and has the best smells This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product!!! My whole family uses this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product and have it in all my bathrooms This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product to use at home and in my children classroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use product...great for little one's messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are a convenient way to clean quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great for cold season to quickly disinfect surfaces This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use. Great to keep in car for little spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these were great! I especially love the to go wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use and convenient to wipe up small messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes, they are safe and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product! love to use these on kitchen counter! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for wiping things down when out with the kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome! Great cleaning supply and very easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a great product. I use it in my house and my camper! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very easy to use but would like to see more scents This review was collected as part of a promotion.
nOT ONLY DO THEY DISINFECT BUT THEY SMELL WONDERFUL! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great and easy to use for kitchen and bath clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it have a little boy who learning to use potty This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great!!!! must have for children in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent wipes that clean up messes fast and disinfects.
Love this things. Keep them in my car at all times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox everything feels cleaner with clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product smells so good after wiping off the counter.
great product. cleans well. easy to use. preferred brand.
These wipes are always in my kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great household product for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great to have around the house with two kids. Love them!!
I highly recommend this product to my family and friends.
bacteria killer will punish all your bacteria in a second This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the Clorox wipes for quick and easy cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy clean up when any family member makes a mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorex to clean a lot of things. Very useful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the wipes-great quality. better than off brand This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the convenience and disinfecting properties. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy this product for quick after-meal cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it's very easy to use and can keep products clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the many uses for this product...it's a must buy!
Perfect for a quick and effective after supper clean-up!
Best product i have used for disinfecting .Good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Loved it great product will reccomend it to anyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love them for quick cleanups throughout the week This review was collected as part of a promotion.
own a hair salon. this the only product i will use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these smell great and very convienent and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Handy to have for those small jobs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always used Clorox just as my ancestor have done This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. Easy to use and easy to store. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are handy to have on hand or quick cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Chlorox wipes for the kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are very durable and leave things super clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product and it smells great and works great
I use Clorox wipes at home and on the go! Great stuff! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
handy when you need them easy to access anyone can use
stays moist longer, cans are recycleable, smells great
use this in every room of the house for the kids toys.
like that I can use it and then toss it - now washing!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
works and smells great during the cold and flu season
it makes things smell so much better and cleans great
love this product, the only bad thing it can streak .
i like this product easy to use and it does a grate job This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox products....I use them all over my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes every day and I am happy with it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good Products. Helps me keep my furniture sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The only thing is they go faster than you'd think.
I love these wipes I use them to clean everything!
Love the ease of use and the quality of the wipes.
Very handy and they have some great smells. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
def better than other brands out there This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy go to product to clean my kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
so easy, like it! kitchen bath This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great and easy to use for messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent! Love the smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I teach preschool and use Clorox wipes almost everyday to clean up messes.they are incredibly convenient and do an awesome job of cleaning surfaces I need to get clean. I love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. I use them everywhere - kitchen, bathroom, doorhandles, doorknobs, light switches, phones, etc. I believe they kill a lot of germs and help keep my family healthy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love this product because of the easy use. i have a 5 year old and they come in handy when illness enter into my home. i love how I can use them and just discard them in the trash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like how these are thick and can be used over and over. The only thing I don't like is the lint they can leave behind but this does not detur me from buying them. Love the smell!
I love these for keeping around to clean up after our kids and pets. The lemon scent is great. The only improvement would be to make them more textured to clean up crusted-on messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipe is a great product because it is convenient for someone with a busy life and a dog that makes a lot of mess. I also love the refreshing lemon scent that the wipes have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have six parrots and anyone who is a parrot lover knows that they can be very messy. The Clorox wipes are a must have if you are going to make any attempt to keep their cages clean.
cleans well with a smell leaving your house smelling fresh. Ive rated it four stars because if I use the product without glove, my hands starts to get this funny tingling feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like use these wipes for all sorts of spills . They clean up spills quickly and leave a great smell. And I know that any germs from the spill are being taken care of as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With two boys at home there are always bringing in items from outside and dropping them on the counter. the wipes are super easy to use , they clean and disinfect quite quick This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have to say that Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are my favorite cleaning product. They are easy to use and work on so many different surfaces that I dread cleaning if I run out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Since I don't like a real bleach-y smell, the lemon wipes were a great choice. They are stable and don't fall apart when you use them and they have a good scrubbing surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are convenient and easy to use, while doing it's job of disinfecting our home. I am pleased with this product and always looking for ways to get more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product because in a house with 3 small babies we always have a mess to clean! Clorox wipes gets the job done on the 1st try every time! Thanks for a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I usually use these for wiping down the tub after my daughter takes a bath. It takes care of the scum/hard water ring on our tub perfectly! They are convenient and smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Clorox wipes for a bit. I trust the brand and the scents they offer are pleasant. I have confidence that my counters not only look clean, but are germ free as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are exactly what I need for a quick clean at home and are PERFECT for having my students clean their desks before and after a class party or a messy project! Thanks Clorox.
I love using Clorox product because not only does it get youe clothes white, it get rid of odors and leave a comfortable feeling of love in your home..Gotta Love Clorox. S This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I try to use these on a daily basis as a way to disinfect common areas like doorknobs and light switches to avoid spreading germs, especially during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wipes are so convenient. I like being able to pull one out and clean off my toilet seats, countertops and door knobs quick and easily without having to get a rag or paper towel! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these convenient wipes at home and they make for a quick cleanup. My daughters also use these in their dorms for daily touchups. Leaving sink area smelling fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes can be used for a variety of purposes. The fresh lemony smell makes you for get about the job your doing. They are effective at both disinfecting and cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. However, at times I find it to be very soapy, then suddenly extremely dry... Maybe it's just me... Either way, I love Clorox products. No real complaints.
With little ones in the house big messes occur daily. Some messes require germ-ghting wipes like clorox. We also use them on the go when we travel for cleanup and germ control.
As a healthcare worker, i am aware of possibility of contracting every bad germ known to mankind. It is imperative that i keep my surroundings clean for me and my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I help clean my daughters classroom, these are so handy for the elementary messes. I use them to clean and disinfect the desks during cold and flu season. They are great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's so easy to grab a wipe and wipe the countertops and dispose of all germs as opposed to getting out a bottle and hand towel to spray, clean, wipe. And then wash towel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these wipes I use them with the bathroom and kitchen sinks. The only drawback is that the wipes don't always come out at the top and sometimes I grab 2 or none. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are wet enough without being too wet, smell good, and clean very well. I only wish they had a tiny bit more texture for grabbing dust and particles on my counters.
I love them! I use them all the time so I feel like my kids are free from germs! Plus they make everything smell so good! We used to use bleach water until I found these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. When we are all sick I use these wipes to disinfect all door knobs and counters. They help give me peace of mind because I know the germs are gone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes to wipe down all my kitchen counters, vent a hood, cook stove, and everything in my kitchen. They are easy to use I like the smell of lemon as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't use these all the time, but they come in handy when you need to disinfect quickly. I also use them to clean larger kids toys. Will be purchasing more of these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i just used these before this review to clean my computer and remote with 9 in my family we sprend illnesses fast so i try to keep the germs down with this great product.
I buy this product for its ability to kill germs. I work in healthcare and try to leave the germs at the hospital! These products kill germs and also smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great smell cleans well. Handy package but sometimes hard to pull just one from canister. Do not flush in toilet. I had neighbors do this it stopped up their toilet.
I use this product on a daily basis. It works well work regular cleaning and for spills. I keep a container in the kitchen and bathroom in my house, my car and in my office This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes especially in the bathroom so I can spot clean anytime and know that the surfaces are disinfected. I especially love the orange scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes are life savers especially with kids. The travel packs helps clean and disinfect germ and dirt in the car. Highly recommend to have some on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes! I always wipe my kitchen counters off before and after I cook and it's the easiest way to do it! Love the smell and cleans up all messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm happy knowing that with one little cloth I can wipe down surfaces and know that those little hands are safe... It's comforting and a neccessity. Thank You Clorox!
Since the Clorox was invented, no another product come close..my family is a Clorox loyal consumer...I use everywhere at my house..Therefore is cleaning partner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are handy to use when you need to do a quick clean-up. My kids sneeze everywhere and I feel better knowing that the Clorox wipes will kill the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them everyday to clean my work desk since I have to share desks with other employees. It does a good job of cleaning and I feel like my desk is germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for any situation, from a quick wipe over the kitchen counter to cleaning the bathroom, they're great and leave the room smelling lemon-y fresh! :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very handy! Does exactly what it's supposed to do, so it's the most convenient way to have peace of mind and feel like those trouble spots are clean and safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am not a big fan of the lemon scent wipes so was glad to try out this new scent when I saw it. Has the same great cleaning power, but with a scent that I enjoy!
I love using clorox products They get the job done quickly. Between my two young kids and my fiance and his friends that are mechanics, clorox saves the day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My daughter will only clean if we have clorox wipes. She will go through a whole canister in no time! I love that they are so convenient and easy to use! Amy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells great. I always use this product to clean my bathroom and it works great! My only complaint is that it is not very streak free like it claims to be. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are perfect for the bathroom. I use them to clean up daily after the kids brush their teeth. They also help with little ones who are toilet training.
I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. I use them just about anywhere in the house and I know that they make my house healthier for my family and they smell good too.
My favorite are the clorox that have the scrub surface on one side, makes cleaning a mess that you didn't get to immediately and has set in faster to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these wipes because of the nice lemon scent and having them at hand when i need to clean up quickly, for example the bathroom, before guests arrive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love the Clorox Toilet Bow cleaner. You just squirt it inside the toilet and leave it. Later when you come back, flush and the toilet is clean. Awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
everytime i use these in my kitchen i feel safe knowing that my daughter is not going to be hurt by bacteria. I love the smell and the texture of this product.
I live in a place with many roomates. There are always fights over who made what mess. These wipes make it easy to clean spills as they come. Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We keep a canister of these under the sink and in the laundry room for quick clean of spills. Great when dark color juices are spilled on the counter or floor.
I like clorox disinfecting wipes because they make cleaning up messes a lot easier and i like the scent that it leaves behind. The also make cleaning easier.
I like Clorox because it lets me clean up the messes my dogs make real quick and it disinfects it at the same time so i don't have to mop my floors every day
I love the convenience. But have to make sure the kids don't touch the wet surface. I have seen sleeves and bellies of shirts discolored by the cleaner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With 3 children under the ages of 10 I have many great uses for this product especially during cold and flu season. Great product for a great valule! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
one of the best cleaning products I've ever used. Whether used in the bathroom, kitchen or laundry Clorox never lets me down. Best product hands down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my husband is a truck driver and had to share truck with other driver and it's a great way for him to disinfected the steering wheel before his run This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I never have a problem cleaning up spills and knowing my surface has been disinfected. I also don't worry about residue like some of the competing brands.
Clorox wipes are such an easy way to have the kids do their chores! It's so easy to hand them a wipe for them to wipe the counters, tables, or walls! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use and convenient. Disinfects without the smell of bleach. Everything is lemon fresh and clean. Great for cleaning up accidental pet stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I carry these canisters around the house and stock them in each bathroom. They are super convenient - just wish these didn't cost as much as they do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like having these around for light cleaning - they work well! However, if it is going to require some elbow grease, these would be a little too flimsy.
I love being rest assured that Clorox wipes will do the job and do it well. I don't love the lemon scent, but other than that, the wipes are great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like that I can grab this wipe, know that I am disinfecting and then throw it away when I am done. As a mom of 6, there is enough laundry to deal with! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Lemon Clorox disinfecting wipes are great. They are convenient and easy to use. I keep some in my classroom to wipe off my tables and chairs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use Clorox wipes at my work every day when people are sick. It always keeps things disinfected and keeps everyone else from getting sick too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that they are grab and go perforated sheets, disinfecting and wiping down my kitchen and bathroom counter tops has never been easier! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use and quick for disinfecting, especially during cold and flu season. I keep a canister in the car, at work and in the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes - makes it so much easier when you need to clean up quickly. Also great item for my kids to take to school. Teachers love 'em! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
cleans well this product cleans well, smells fresh, and does a good job disinfecting. l love how convenient it is to use and it kills the germs!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of the wipes and I feel confident that it is disinfecting whatever surface I am cleaning. I use product on a daily basis. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
they are convient and disinfect thoroughly ..I love them..and not an exspensive cleaning product as compared to other cleaners for the bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes. I use them in the kitchen and bathroom daily. I have tried generic brands before and they do not compare to Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have tried several brands but only Clorox satisfies my idea of a spotless home, sanitary, hygienic especially the kitchen and bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have four kids and using the disinfecting wipes makes clean up easy! I know that my counters are sanitized and I'm keeping my kids healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for quickly freshening up baths. Also great for the kitchen or anytime you have unexpected company. Just wipe down surfaces and toss. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am constantly using Clorox Wipes both around my house and my mom's to keep down germs. So much sickness these days, it pays to be clean :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I trust Clorox brand. I feel as though I am definitely disinfecting any area that i use Clorox products on. I would not buy another brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
How could someone do any better than using a clorox wipe, it is durable, convenient and effective all the things I look for in a cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Absolutely love Clorox! I have used Clorox clean up and Clorox gallons for years! Clorox wipes are amazing! Will never use anything else) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for in between cleaning of my bathroom sinks and for wiping the counters down in the kitchen after ny daughters baking messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! I have 2 little ones, and I know that cleaning with these Clorox wipes I don't have to worry about germs lingering or anything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like using the wipes to clean the bathrooms for ease and disinfecting. its convenient and easy to use. i also like to use it the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient wipes for all locations. Not only use it at home but at the office too. Proper way of preventing germs to avoid colds and flu. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These Clorox Wipes really make cleaning a snap. The wipes are durable, and really help maintain a great smelling and brilliantly clean surface.
i love this product! its easy to use and gets rid of bad odors. i have a puppy and a two year old and these are a must have in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it in my bathroom as a quick clean up during the week. It decreases the time it takes to clean the bathroom at the end of the week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product used daily at work and at home, especially during flu season. Helps keep those germs from invading our home and our family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes literally everywhere, from the bathroom to my car. I like that they don't leave any residue behind. Great for on-the-go too!
I love the smell of the Clorox Wipes but more importantly the fact that I can wipe down just about anything and its disinfected and germ-free.
These wipes work good for a quick wipe down. I feel like the surfaces get clean and disinfected. I wish the wipes were a little bigger though.
With having a infant in the house, these wipes come in handy. Use them for an easy clean up, you know how much a mess an infant can make. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep a container of Clorox wipes in almost every room as they're very convenient to wipe up dry messes and quickly disinfect surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes work great to clean my kitchen countertops and sink and also work great to clean the bathroom countertops and even toilets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LIKE USING LEAMON SCENTED FOR MILD DISINFECTANT WITHOUT WORRY OF ACCIDENTLY BLEACHING MY CLOTHES AND THE CITRUS SMELL IS ENJOYABLE. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is a Great product which beat competition a hands down . i used other products but Clorox gives me more satisfaction than any , This review was collected as part of a promotion.
good cleaning wipe for everyday use and disinfects well to keep family healthy. Keep one in the car, office, diaper bag, always handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they are easy to use and I have peace of mind of the clean surface that I am getting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are good and convenient. I have four children who make a lot of messes, and i always use the wipes for an easy clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these to wipe down the surfaces in my kitchen. They really help to clean up the mess plus I know they are getting rid of germs too.
Love this product. Every year when school starts the teachers ask for this product so that they may clean and disinfect their classrooms.
I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes for quick small clean ups. I keep a canister under my kitchen sink, and each of the bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have 5 young children, so I always need to clean up quickly. Clorox wipes are my favorite choice for every room and every mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the durability of clorox wipes, I use them I all rooms of my home to kill chidren and animal germs while cleaning up messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes are so easy to use through out the house. i love using this product in the kitchen for a quick after dinner clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes clean and smell great. The only thing I don't like is the amount of time it takes an area to dry after using one of the wipes.
Wether on the go or in the house this product is helpful to remove all germs and hand prints of little one, leave the smell of freshness
I use clorox wipes in my classroom to rid germs on the desks. I also use it in my home to dissinfect the kitchen and the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to use this product on my kitchen counters and bathroom counters. I love it does not leave a residue or film and it smells good.
Having these with a new baby will be a great help. Wiping down diapering surfaces and other areas will make me feel a lot better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My family prefers the Clorox brand wipes because they work the best! This means using less wipes, which makes them a better value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having kids in the house these wipes comes in handy. You do not have to worry too much about messes and one wipe goes a long way. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how simple the disinfecting wipes are and they smell great too. They do not leave behind the film that other like products do.
I am very happy with Clorox cleaning product, and the convenient disinfecting wipes and will definitely recommend all products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very easy to use. safe and convienent:) I like to use them because they smell clean and give me a sense of having a clean house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are VERY convenient and work great on easy surfaces. Cleans great and smells great as well. I would deff. recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! it cleans great and it smells good too!! We use this all the time and will continue to but it at the store! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use these on a regular basis for school aged children and in the home. Certainly provide a quick and easy solution to stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this for simple cleaning jobs. Having 3 kids and very busy life this makes life just a little bit more simple This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a house full of children and fur babies this product is easy to use helps with quick messes, which I always seem to have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome product i have a young child and messy spouse and i can depend on tho product to keep my home clean and smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes, i wipes down everything. I love the wipes, i wipes down everything. I love the wipes, i wipes down everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox Wipes! I keep canisters of them under the kitchen and bathroom sinks for quick touch ups throughout the week! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these for quick clean ups. I keep them handy to clean up after handling poultry or other items that leave germs behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love having Clorox wipes around especially with having 3 boys my kitchen and bathroom are always such a mess. Cleans great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wipe the dirt from boot of husband very good. No smell of wipe only smell of dirt. Thank you Clorox. May god be with you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes in the canister are very convenient to use. They smell nice and do a good job of cleaning up and disinfecting This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this product works really good. The wipes really do disinfect. I would recommend this to anyone. For the price it's worth it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
THESE WIPES ARE THE BEST!!! I USE THEM IN EVERY ROOM IN MY HOUSE, NOT ONLY ARE THEY EASY TO USE BUT THE DISINFECT AS WELL!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the disinfecting wipes. They're easy to use when you're always in rush, like I am but need to keep the kitchen spotless. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the product is great- we use it to clean our students desks at school. it cleans off stuck on glue and dried food from snack. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good JOB CLOROX!! I love the wipes they are so convenient in the kitchen. They smell great while also disinfecting surfaces! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox disinfecting wipes for the home or the office. They clean, disinfect, and make it smell great at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use for cleaning my kitchen counters. Each wipes has enough cleaner on it .. nothing worse to pull out a dry wipe ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is easy to use over your head cleaning fans or anything. You do not have to worry about spraying getting on your clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For certain cleanups,the 'one-use' wipes are my go to item. Fragrance is not overwhelming lots of allergies in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love the quick clean up I do with the Lemon or Orange Clorox wipes in the kitchen and the smell puts a smile on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes... they get me counters so clean and its so easy. It makes cleaning not a chore, and makes the husband proud :)
I like Clorox wipes because they make clean up faster. Don't have to spray anything to disinfect. Just grab a wipe and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes make my clean up easy! Perfect for big or small jobs whether it be in the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like to use clorox wipes because it cleans up the sticky mess really easily without falling apart like paper towel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are so convenient especially when the grand-kids are visiting. The lemon scent is much more pleasant for everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of these wipes to do a quick cleaning in between my regular cleanings. I keep a jar in every bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When you have kids and dogs, these wipes are a must! They clean up any mess really well and are always ready to go. I love them.
These wipes are great to have around the house. They are useful and I recommend having some wipes handy for everyday use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love keeping these under each bathroom sink and in the kitchen. Using a few times a week makes a big difference! So easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy and convenient to use. I use them in my classroom and at home. Makes those little tedious job, quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have two yorkies and they are forever getting into things or making small messes and the lemon wipes always work great for us.
I always use clorox wipes for cleaning my office at an elementary school and they work great! Haven't gotten sick all year! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the convenience and the cleaning power of clorox wipes. The lemon scent leaves your kitchen smelling fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the way it cuts grease and quick to use. With kids its easy to grab to kill all the germs they like to bring home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Since I use this wipes for clean my kitchen, even the telephone I feel better, my family and I are very healthy, thanks cloroxs
It's one of the most effective cleaners to use during cold and flu season and anytime. So go ahead, wipe away those germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these disposable cloths. Makes cleaning up my son's messes a breeze. I use them for everything, but especially his high chair! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Anything that saves me time and money is tops in my book. This product goes even further and gets the job done the first time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gets the job done. I like to keep a canister in all the bathrooms and the craft room. Makes for quick and easy clean ups This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for cleaning after my child make a messy and I don't have to worry about because it disinfect after every cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product especially if you have a toddler at home. It's easy to use and convenient. I highly recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have young children and it is very convenient to use Clorox wipe to clean up the mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for wiping down after colds! They are quick and easy. Very convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how clean these wipes get my whole house! And so easy my kids can use them too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy using the wipes because they are convenient and work well when removing stains This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is wonderful to use everywhere. I use the wipes at work in the car and at home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for a quick cleanup. I use them to clean my son's potty and they work great!
clorox disinfecting wipes are so powerful cleaning. It's a good value and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Perfect way to have the kids clean their own bathroom with spraying too much around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the convenience of using Clorox wipes. I use them in every room of the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the clean scent of lemon and the ease of using Clorox wipes to clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
You can always count on these wipes to give you a great clean every single time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is very easy to use just like wipes and it definitely disinfects items. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy and convenient to use. Have a package in my car for those just in case moments. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like using didinfectiong wipes with three kids these are very convinient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use its great. it dosent smell nasty. i am able to clean without the mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With two small toddlers, Clorox wipes makes cleaning up messes easy. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this product picks up all the germs from the kids and pets, and it also smells good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easiest way to clean, the only thing I don't like is that it leaves streaks behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great all over the house! They are a must have in a house full of boys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
wipes are easy and can't live without wipes. these are left in my car at all times This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a mom, I can't live without these! They are portable and perfect for travelling! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great wipes. I use them to disinfect everything and I love the way they smell.
this product works amazingly and is effective with kids ! so happy it was created! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is a safe and convenient way to keep my little one safe and free from germs
I recommend the wipes - great for wiping down your workspace at the end of the day! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Our office very dusty. I use these to keep my work space clean and dust free. Love them!
These wipes are very good. They clean up kitchen counter tops, bathrooms and door knobs.
Overall, this is a good product. However, the package design leaves a bit to be desired.
love to have these in everyroom of the house in the car at work, can't live without them
this is a great product to have on hand at home it is great at disinfecting thing This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great convenient for quick little cleaning jobs. Recommend it. Keep some on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
If you have little children, big children and/or pets, then you need this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good very handy. Doesnt break like other wipes. I normally carry it wheerever i go This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox products. I love that it disinfects and smells great as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've tried other products and this one is the best that I've come across so far. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
best thing to wipe down airplane trays. Have you ever seen those being cleaned This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Your products are easy to use and reliable. We purchased those for our household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very useful in preventing the spread of germs and cleaning messes of two small children
Clorox is a great cleaning product especially with young children in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Helps me to keep my sinks clean. Good at cleaning up grime and excess make-up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
handy to have in the glove box of the car. I also use them in the bathroom and kitchen.
Love when I use this product and run my hand over the surface I it does not feel sticky
love this product, disinfects, is easy to use, and smells great. good price also This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really liked how easy it is to use the packaging to get the wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these constantly in my kitchen. I don't know what I would do without them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having these wipes in our house has made disinfecting so easy. I love the scent!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, comes in many different sizes and offers a great range of usability. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox at home and work, its safe, convenient and it keeps the germs away This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the smell of clean! Nothing beats this product and the value for the money. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product works great! I would recommend this to anyone in m family and have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes, they are so easy to use. It helps simplify life with a toddler This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Makes cleaning up easier and doesn't leave as bad of streaks as other products This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't worry that my house smell or that germs are present when I use this product!!!
Great disinfecting product and easy to use, especially with kids in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was raised using Clorox. It's the number one disinfective in my household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. They make it so easy and convenient to clean my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Like this product. It is a go to in my household for cleaning up food, bathrooms, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are a quick and easy way to clean. One bottle to grab and start cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product, easy to use-makes it easy for my kids to clean their bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Keep these with you when you have little ones to keep them clear of most germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like using these, it definitely beats using the ordinary paper towel! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these wipes. convenient and gets the job done the way i want..disinfected This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love your products. With having small children they save me a lot of time!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it give me more please.................................................. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use convenient , and disinfects great around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like cleaning with clorox, it gives me the ease of mind that it getting disinfected
I like that the wipes are easy and convenient to use, especially on the go too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes always get the job done and one container lasts forever in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They work great on anything and everything. They are also very convenientclare This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's cleans my counter tops and stove by cutting grease and soap build-up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With 3 boys, a cat that likes my counters and an old dog.....these are great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell and love that they disinfect during this super germy season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love how easy these are to freshen up the bathroom before and after kids use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox Wipes, use for a quick clean up and disinfecting my home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes help clean up after the constant mess that comes with children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
using Clorox wipes is fast easy and affordable! They are good quality wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Powerful, good quality for a variety of uses, but I wish cloth size was larger This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having these close by in the bathroom and kitchen for quick clean ups This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It does a great job cleaning all around the house from the bathroom to the kitchen.
I like to use them, very handy. easier than paper towel and other cleaning product.
This product does what it says it does and can be used in many different ways This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The only thing I don't like is the scent. I'm just not a lemon scent person. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convencien of clorox wipes. i have them in almost all my rooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wipes are convenient and handy. Cleans and freshens the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. I disinfect everything in my house to keep my family healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my hubby loves these. Quick and easy to clean. great for the bathroom and kitchen.
I tell all my friends that I don't know how moms did it before Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I appreciate not having to reuse a dirty sponge every time I need to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are great to use around the house. Wish they would be a little thicker This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a teacher I use these all the time and it helps my classroom stay clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell, peace-of-mind, and clean results after using these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. I like using them because they're convenient and disposable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these almost daily, and they are great during cold and flu season This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like using wipes because they are so convienent, but they do leave lint behind.
I like the fact that with one swipe I am cleaning up a mess as well as the germs.
fast great was to clean a spill or mess. easy for the kids to use and very handy.
I love everything about these wipes, especially the convenience they offer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
yes this stuff is the bomb foor cleaning the bathroom i love this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Kepp my house clean and disinfected from all the germs my family brings in. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product it works well to get rid off grease stains in the microwave. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i buy these all the time use them at work in my car at home i love them :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like Clorox wipes, having them in the car is a must on long trips! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the wipes make it easy to clean bathroom counters and many other surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using clorox wipes to disinfect, especially during cold and flu season This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Winter time is germ time! We use these to try to keep the little guys away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using these for quick/easy cleanups, they're perfect for that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product....love disinfecting with it, convenient and easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its a great prod clorox wipes, bleach and spray bottls. i love my clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes daily to wipe down my counters, keyboard, door knobs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are really handy to use around the house to quickly disinfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Super convenient work extremely well and can be used in every room of the house.
I love the ease of the disinfecting wipes and the smell after using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product, highly recommend to everyone, especially during flu season This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love disinfectant wipes they are a must have at home and in my classroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
..........sometimes you need to open plastic can and reach for new wipe........
clorox wipes are easy and convenient for swiping around the dog's dish . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With young children keeping things sanitary and simple is a huge priority This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Nice fresh scent! I love clorox, especially right now during flu season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like that I can easily clean up any mess and disinfect while doing it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use clorox! You will love getting rid of germs in your house and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the disinfecting wipes. They are easy to use and spell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product. Convenient when you need to disinfect in a hurry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for wiping down the surfaces at the office during cold season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! Especially when you need to clean up something quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use it in the bathroom to clean the stool and the sink... i love it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good price and works great for quick clean up with kids around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent for quick clean ups! Use them everyday in the kitchen and bathroom!
i have cats and they walk everywhere. these are great for disinfecting table.
Really convenient for messes that need to be taken care of immediately This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wipes they clean up everything from dirt to coffee stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great brand to use! I have uses for Clorox in every room of my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
does the job...plan on buying more of these when I have the chance to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a wonderful product to use everywhere in the house and the office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! Use on a daily basis to clean up the daily life spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome product and smells great. If you want the best then buy Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use the wipes to clean the toilet seats on a daily basis. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great, cleans well, affordable, and I can find it in most places This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They smell great and I know they are keeping me and my family healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes they save the day with 2 boxers and a 4 year old! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love the wipes for a great clean that keeps our home safe and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love it! I use this everyday. With my 5 kids. Will recomend it to everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product, nothing but the best with each Clorox item purchased. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for the nasty messes that happen when children are in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love clorox wipes and their smell love clorox wipes and love the smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great value and the wipes do not dry out like the cheaper brands do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love it, always comes in handy when something around me needs to get wiped. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use. cleans and disinfects well. portable. clean. simple. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this constantly at home. It has a great smell and cleans well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this for many reasons - value - ability to clean and disifect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep these in all the bathrooms to help clean up after four little boys.
use everyday for touch ups. easy to use, keep one in each bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its quick and easy to use, especially with little ones in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product, will use it all the time and recommend to my friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes especially travel size. I keep them in my purse and car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the easiness to clean with the wipes...fast easy and effective This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this to clean my kitchen and dining room table all the time! So easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product, good value and easily disinfects surfaces effectively This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes offer powerful cleaning, good value, and ease of use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the wipes are great they kill germs and are useful on a daily basis This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE CLOROX PRODUCTS I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are very useful to clean up and disinfect around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it! A great thing for me to keep in my car to keep it clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This item is great to use cleaning up around my dorm room. Clean well and easily.
Clorox wipes are very easy to use and works efficiently. Must Have!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are great when cleaning my counter tops. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorex it has been in my family for over 30 years now!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love it because i clean my kids toys and tables after tye use it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Item was good at disinfecting and removing stains from countertop. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love using clorox disinfecting wipes through out my whole house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Always keep the whites looking so crisp and clean. New and improve. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like it to keep my family safe and clean. I love it ease of use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the way it disinfects but at the same time no bleach strong odor.
Love cleaning with these. It picks up dirt and great to clean up spills.
Clorox is a very reliable cleaning product. I've used it for years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for many many years, good quality and value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! Easy to use and they keep things disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I prefer to use the Clorox brand over all others because of the quality.
Amazing product. Work every time and leave a clean smelling area This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Certainly beats the old days of a cleaning bucket, rag, and towel! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using clorox to disinfect all my surface areas in the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
CLOROX AS ALWAYS PUTS OUT SIMPLE, EASY TO USE, RELIABLE PRODUCTS This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes tackles grease on my stove with no problem! Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love being able to grab a wipe quickly making clean up a breeze. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very convenient and efferctive germ fighter. It already comes with a wipe you you don't have to wasate annother paper towel to clean up the mess. It has a good storage container that keeps in the moisture. it wipes clean without the nasty odor.
My husband does leather tooling and gets leather dye all over our counters. Clorox wipes remove the stains and leave our counters clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i cannot live without those, i have them on every floor of my house and in the car, as well as at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathrooms. I hate sponge cleaning so with the wipes, I just wipe things down and throw the wipe away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how I feel after cleaning using Clorox products. I always feel like I have done what I should in making my home safe and germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are pretty much all I use to clean everywhere in my house. I like using them due to the great disinfecting and cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome! My house has never been cleaner. I love Clorox wipes. Perfect for the flu season!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use disinfecting wipes for everything! I love these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how Clorox Disinfecting Wipes cleans and leaves a lovely lemon scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are one of the best inventions ever. I use them at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a 2 year old boy so needless to say. we have messes and colds going around, With having a child who puts a lot of toys in his mouth or just when we have other children over this product helps keep little ones feeling better and my place cleaner This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the product. It smells fresh. This product has been used in our family for generations'
I love this product for quick and clean cleanups. Works for everything in the house
Easier to use and quicker than sprays or powders. They vastly speed up clean up of my teenage son's bathroom. Love them!!
Love these! They are great for disinfecting counters and door handles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I honestly use the Clorox wipes for EVERYTHING!! I Use them in my kitchen, my living room, my bathroom and on all of my children's toys! I LOVE it!! Great product, Clorox!! thank you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would recommend this product because it is easy to use, works great! Make the job easy to get done. I use it before and after i prepare my families meals. I have a canister in the car and a travel size in my purse 99 of the time. They are perfect when your are a mother of three lil ones and always on the go. Overall a great product and would recommend to all my friends and families. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes, they are very convenient. Easy to use and always on hand. I mainly use Clorox wipes to clean surfaces around my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the way Clorox cleans and smells, (as long as you don't go overboard)! When my counters get stained, I just spread a little bleach on it and wala!! it's good again as well as everything else that is clean, deodorized and disinfected . Love it.!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. They are great to clean up messes from kids and they are quick and easy. They are also great for quick cleaning before company comes over. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox disinfecting wipes there easy to use and easy clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Basically use it for everything: bathroom, kitchen, walls with sticky hand prints. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy it is to clean up my kitchen after every cooking session. Messes are easily wiped away and I feel like everything is disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
there are great! easy to use and they do a great job This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Clorox for years- I learned from my Mom and I trust Clorox to work everytime. I use it in the kitchen, bath and laundry. The wipes are Fantastic during cold flu season and if you live alone makes cleaning up when you are sick sooo much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these in my classroom to help keep those nasty germs away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome product! love to use in my busy home, family is messy and Clorox cleans them up, love it sad when it is gone always buy keeps my tolet is clean and lovely.
So convenient and makes cleaning easy for parents and teens. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i absolutely love Clorox products! It's the only thing I do not use replacement products for. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to have these around to clean up quick messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them all the time to clean the kitchen instead of a sponge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products! I always feel like I'm getting things ultra clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a teenager and a toddler. I love Clorox wipes because theyre easy to use, they smell great and they disinfect and clean. Makes my minute by minute cleaning tasks quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome Product! I use this product to clean my kitchen and my bathrooms! Great product and good price!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With the flu virus going around I am trying to wipe everything the kids touch to keep it from staying! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are so convenient. I always have them around the house and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are a must when potty training a boy!!! We only have one bathroom for our family of three and little boys can be a MESS when potty training. I should have registered for these for my baby shower! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product kills the funk off my kitchen counters!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have two kids under 2. Needless to say we try to keep the house germ free. I love this product and I trust that it is helping us stay germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Cleaning with a toddler needs to be quick and easy. I can quickly wipe down counters and tables with a single wipe and know it's clean for my daughter to play and eat on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Like this convenient and disinfection way to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes on all surfaces to disinfect and clean, especially when someone has the flu. Also good in classroom for wiping down surfaces to help spread of germs. Good for a quick clean up in bathroom too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I simply cannot live without Clorox wipes. I have two kids and two dogs. I clean kitchen and bathroom surfaces multiple times a day and don't have time to spray and get out a cleaning cloth every time. I save so much TIME by using these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the clorox products for their nice fragrances and good cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We only buy Clorox wipes. No other brand cleans or disinfects as well. I use Clorox wipes on door knobs, television remotes, cell phones, counter tops, light switches, etc on a daily basis during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great disinfectant. i would reccomennd it to anyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product smells so good and cleans great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We are all coughing, sneezing and running low grade fevers, we are stocking up to try and beat these germs and this is an easy convenient way to do it when you are one of the sickos in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using Clorox wipes for quick cleanups and disinfecting everything with convenience This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Being a mom of 3 under 4 I am constantly needing to find quick ways to clean, and especially disinfect. I LOVE the clorox wipes. They work amazing and clean up any mess in no time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. Use them in all rooms of our house daily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes! Great for quick cleanups and disinfecting! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox so much i use it in my dish water, i clean the tub with it and the toilet and the floors. Its my go to product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Last thing I use on my kitchen countertops every night before bed to ensure a clean kitchen. LOVE it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for disinfecting surfaces. Easy and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I can't run my household without Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Where other people clean up after their children, I'm constantly following behind my four-legged children (cats who dine on our bathroom counters, away from our other four-legged child dog), who would otherwise eat their food. I have Clorox Wipes in almost every room in the house. Thank you, Clorox!! I love the scrubbing side, especially!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The scent! It just smells so clean!! it looks cleaner than anything I've ever used! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This are great for those lazy cleaning days ) I use them everywhere both at home and at the office! I don't know what I'd do without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product! this is a great product to use to clean bathrooms and This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. easy to use and cleans very well. I use this product all through my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use disinfecting wipes primarily in my bathroom and kitchen, more so in the bathroom. They come handy in between cleanings to freshen up the bathroom around the sink or the toilet. Also, I have two cats that just enjoy jumping onto the counter tops, so I use the wipes to disinfect the counter tops. I love the convenience if having the wipes right at my finger tips and the fresh smell they leave behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes work great and are quick and easy to use! The lemon scent is our fave! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the product! It is perfect for the car and office! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are the best quality in cleaning in a hurry, I love them ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fresh lemon smell while cleaning. I use them daily to wipe down countertops in the kitchen and batrooms, clean faucets, wipe down phones, light switches refrigerator handles,cupboard handles and any place I think there might be germs. They are so easy and convenientt to use and everything smells so fresh and looks so clean..Love them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love lysol products. They are perfect for my kid household This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are my 1 cleaning tool. Easy to use and always does the job! I can't remember life before Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are always reliable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to wipe and clean the kitchen counter tops with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I live for these wipes! I have 3 teenagers whom are quite messy and these are my saving grace! Working full time and coming home to a house where my teens have made themselves snacks after school, I love just grabbing these and quickly wiping all of the counters down before I start dinner. A quick wipe down of all the surfaces in the bathrooms as well as outdoor furniture saves me a ton of time! Love these!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Have in all and every bathroom and kitchen. Use every day to keep bathroom looking great!
All of the Clorox disinfecting wipes are great on most surfaces. I like the smell of the Lemon the best. It can wipe a greasy stove top clean in just a few swipes. I use them in the kitchen and bathroom regularly.
As a new mom, I love the ease of Clorox products and the security I get knowing my surfaces are clean and safe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gives me peace of mind that really disinfects, specially having kids around you want to do what you can so they don't get sick to often. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the cleaning feeling when I use Clorox clean up wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it. especially with little ones around. disinfects well around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes clean any mess! No store brand can compare!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes. They are super easy to use. They also last along time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I prefer these to anyother wipes, gets the job done and are safe to use around pets and kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the way it wipes up stains and spills, disinfects the kitchen counters, sinks, and the bathroom. AWESOME productt This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this spray I use it on tile. I spray it and leave it on for a few minutes then wipe it off it whitens everything so much. The smell is pleasant also, not overpowering! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is very easy to use and very convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are the absolute best wipes to have around with 3 little girls! They are easy to use and I'm confident they disinfect messy surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent for cleaning and disinfecting.Good price for product.I also like the deodorizing smell that the wipes have..I also like the convenience of using this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes get the job done quickly and they don't smell bad. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are a must have in my house. With two toddlers, my husband, and a cat, I am always cleaning. These make my job easier, and it doesn't take as long either! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are right at your fingertips. Not only do they clean, but disinfect as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that I can grab a wipe and wipe my counters in seconds. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recommend this product. it's quick and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the product. Easy and convenient to have around This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i help in my kids classroom - every time I help, i always wipe the desks down with these wipes... fast, easy, and man do they sterilize and clean! the whole room smells clean after a good wiping, i also do the mouse/keyboards for the computers. The teacher informed me that they don't have janitors, and i am the only one cleaning the desks - that makes these easy to use clorox wipes even more important to me!!
I use these wipes to clean EVERYTHING! I have two kids who seem to get everything sticky and these wipes make it so easy to clean up after them.
I have been using Clorox wipes for years and I absolutely love them! I use them for petty much every room in my house. Tried other brands of wipes, but none compare!
I have tried store brands and the other major brands, but nothing is as effective as Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They hold up at home and in my classroom.
Love these, it has truly helped cut the sickness down on my classroom this year! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes, so easy to use and handy!! Would not want to use any other product!!
the kids really like these for wiping down their desk at school. to keep down on germs
With kids, Clorox makes my life so much easier thank you Clorox
We use these to wipe down the kitchen after every meal and with a new puppy in the house these have been super savers when I run out of bleach spray or can't get to it quickly.....
I have Clorox Fresh wipes in both bathrooms, the kitchen and both vehicles! On occation I do clean houses and tell them they have to buy it before I come! It's the most bought cleaning item I buy!
it smells great and disinfects as well and is not too strong to use around my pets and my family
I always have some of these wipes...I have some in the bathroom, the kitchen, my van, even in my bedroom. They are so handy. I wouldnt be able to live without them
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so incredibly easy to use! All I have to do is use one wipe and it goes so far and cleans up so much. Not to mention the scent! I love how good my house smells after I use them... it's so fresh and clean. I HIGHLY recommend this product!
These are the greatest! I have them in the house and carry them everywhere we go! When my daughter was young, I would carry them to wipe off the tables ad chairs at restaurants! These are must haves in and out of the home!
I love Clorox Wipes.. They smell so much better than any of the other brands i have tried!
I use Clorox wipes for everything. I always keep them on hand. I have one in the kitchen, and one in each of my bathrooms. So easy to use to wipe up the sinks and counters.
I love to clean around the house with Clorox disinfecting wipes! They make my life a lot easier!
Love the smell and the effectiveness of how it cleans so easy.
love this product and feel confident everytime I use it that i'm killing all the germs
great for disinfecting everything, and it smells great and you know its clean!
I always know my kitchen is clean after I have used clorox wipes.
I have tried other types of disinfecting wipes, but always go back to the Clorox brand. My husband has many allergies and is also affected by his asthma and thats why I try and keep the house as clean as possible including using these wipes to keep overall germs out to keep us healthy! So thank you to Clorox for making such a dependable, wonderful product!
The scent is amazing and it does a tremendous job on cleaning even tough stains! Will buy often
handy to have on the back of the toilet when my son does the opps! i missed thing lol smells great works great!
These wipes are not only effective at cleaning, they also motivate my children to help clean as well. Now that is magic!
Clorox wipes make tidying up and cleaning my bathroom so much easier. Thanks, Clorox!
i've tried other wipes to save money but always come back to clorox as they are easier to use and work better
I love the smell after my kitchen after using Clorox wipes on my sink and counter tops! Well worth the money!
I LOVE USING CLOROX WIPES!!!! WETHER IM CLEANING MY BATHROOM OR KITCHEN CLOROX WIPES DESINFECT AND CLEANS ALMOST ANY SURFACE
Love using Clorox wipes everyday. I wipe down all surfaces in the bathroom every morning - help keep everything clean and smelling fresh.
I recommend this product to everyone! I take it with me whenever we go on trips and for everyday travel.
The why is easy, it is all that it says it is and more. I can depend on getting a clean and disinfected surface where ever I use it with a good clean smell afterwards. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these all the time and am very happy with them.
I grew up on Clorox from when i was a child and that all i know and use. My mother told me a clean house is when you can use Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. They smell good along with disinfecting surfaces
I love to use these to wipe up after my puppy. She sometimes misses the pad.
So easy and convenient for potty training a little boy! I keep a canister on top of the toilet, and can quickly wipe away any mistakes he makes : ) Love the lemon scent and the convenience.
they make evertthing clean and esey to use and to take with you
These wipes are very quick and simple to use and they smell great!
Really clean and Disinfects what I need cleaned great on kitchen counters and restrooms and most important the tables in my classroom use them daily
These are awesome! Buy them ASAP. They work great on everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the way Clorox wipes with lemon smell. They have a great scent, they are easy to use and do not dry up easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these at my job in order to clean and deodorize my desk and the area in my office. I t makes me feel good to know that I can use a product that is going to help me feel germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes everyday when I babysit at a local women's rehab facility. It keeps the playroom nice and clean for the children to lead healthy lives while their mothers recover. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Super quick and easy to use, I always have these on hand. Necessary when you have 4 messy kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox its such a great product. works wonders for cleaning my white clothes and my boys toys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Easy to use too. My husband loves them - especially for our camper. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Makes clean up easy and disinfects surfaces. Perfect for flu season to prevent virus spread. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy product to use, fast and leaves a clean smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a houseful of teens constantly. Clorox wipes are not only convenient to me but to my teenage girls as well. Plus, they disinfect in those most important areas of the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has been in my family for years. I figured if my grandmother and mom used it I would too. It is a great product to whiten dingy whites. Also a great disinfectant for tubs, toilets and counter tops. I always worry about raw meat/blood leaving bad germs on the counter top but I just use Clorox wipes and don't worry about it any more. Definitely a trusted brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
If you have children winter time is the worst for germs. I always stock up when I find a good deal This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i really like Clorox products makes me feel like my home is as clean as possiable This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like Clorox Wipes. They are very handy when cleaning, specially the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The best product around, I would definitely recommend This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has always been know for having products that clean effectively. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So easy to keep int eh bathroom to clean up on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE Clorox wipes! They're so convenient and get the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are convenient and effective. They are especially good for those times when you can't do a full cleaning of your kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes!! They are thick and clean very well. I use them to clean in every room in my house. They are convenient for everyday cleaning and are great for quick cleanings. I can definitely tell the difference between Clorox wipes and other brands. They are not as good as my Clorox wipes as some brands smear and simply don't clean as well. Clorox wipes also leave a nice shine to my bathroom surfaces when I use them. I personally prefer the lemon scent. I would definitely recommend these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love using my Clorox wipes. I love the lemon scent and the wipes are so easy to use! Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think these wipes are good and convient to use in the home. I always buy these for my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
How did I live before these wipes were sold in stores I have multiple open canisters of these in use at the same time - 1 in the kitchen, 1 underneath the bathroom sink, and 1 at my desk at work. They do a great job of cleaning and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use Clorox wipes to clean and disinfect, they are easy to use so we stock them in common areas of the building This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Its incredibly the most convenient cleaner around when you have 5 kids. I love the ease of use and how quickly a mess can be tackled with these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of these wipes. I use them for everything and they smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for cleaning up during food prep, especially raw meat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! They clean up my childrens messes with little to no effort. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are something that I use almost daily! Great for disinfecting and clean-up situations. Works better than any other disinfecting wipes I've tried! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use this everyday! My kids are able to clean their bathroom with it effectively and safely all on their own. It has great scent as well, and does dry up like some other wipes do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I know that when I use this product that disinfection has been done This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like using the Fresh Scent in my kitchen. I grab one of these right after spilling wine, meat juices spills from cutting board, etc. Very handy and an excellent kitchen tool. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have three children and I work as a substitute teacher. I love how convenient the wipes are for wiping down tables, high chairs, and door handles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes daily in my bathrooms. They are quick, easy, convenient, and smell good. I use them on the counter tops, sink, and toilet. They make cleaning the bathroom quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very clean Powerful cleaning Whitens Great stain remover This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Pluck them in your purse and take them everywhere. Especially use them on shopping cart handles! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
use 3x/day to clean the kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox Wipes as a main staple in my cleaning supplies! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Makes cleaning the kitchen and bath a breeze! Especially when you have little boys in the house :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only use clorox wipes. They disinfect well and I like how they smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the ease of wiping down my counter and knowing it's disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox name has been around since I was a child. It did the job then and it still does the job now! It is the only product name I use when I want things bright and white and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox. I use it to clean everything. It cleans up stains really well and smells great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great to disinfect the floor after a doggy accident! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox because it gets the job done when I am cleaning the kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Your products are always a hit! They works wonderfully! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are very convenient! They are great for cleaning baby and toddler toys. They are also good for disinfecting surfaces. Clorox products are a great product for me and my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the product. It cleans and disinfects at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox. After cleaning with Clorox product the entire house smells so fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love to used clorax and it keep the germs down andi love the lemon scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy Clorox wipes are to use and how clean they make it feel after using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is an excellent product for stopping viruses! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes come right out of the can, ready to be used. Very so convenient and the greatest stuff ever!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! Very easy and convenient for cleaning up messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gets the job done! I love how convenient it is to just grab a damp cloth and go, thanks for the wonderful product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome product! Working in a preschool, it is a must have! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the only brand of disinfecting wipes that we use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product! Easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy to use. And they work really well too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this stuff and it is very easy to use and great if you have kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These things our amazing getting rid of germs and bugs love them they our 100 percent amazing and wonderful in so many ways love them to pieces This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox wipes!!!!!! they are so convenient and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a product that I have been around all my life and can be trusted to deliver quality every time. Whether it's laundry, killing germs or cleaning the siding on your house, it does the job quickly and completely! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox clean-up in my kitchen all the time and love the power of it. I use the wipes because of their disinfecting power. I work with kids every day and need the power of bleach and Clorox is my choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was raised using Clorox. I continue to use it in my adult years. I love that your product smells awesome and is an amazing cleaner . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In my household Clorox has always been synonymous with clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very handy to have! Makes everything smell fresh and clean, as well as clean up messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very powerful, great at removing stains, and so convenient to use...just grab and go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this for normal day to day cleaning and feel disinfected and is very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just moved out of a rental and Clorox wipes were a life saver. Very quick and easy. Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are awesome to have in the house, especially during the cold/flu season and with little ones to clean up after! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used clorox products for years and love them all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It really helps with my 5 year old twins! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love lysol wipes, I use them all the time to clean my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are so simple and easy to use. I love using these daily This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes, they're so easy to use and convenient. Great to carry on trips and outings! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product....I use it on my counters in the winter and I feel it is clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They make my house nice and clean, fresh and deodarise. Great to just grab and go. thicker than store brand. no residue like paper towel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
GREAT if you have kids and to disinfect fast and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I get the coupon, I would be glad to review the product after the purchase. I can't review it before using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes because they are very easy to use and are always a great price This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects without the need of other tools which is great for a germy bathroom if you have children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes in the kitchen, bathroom, and even on my boat. They are neat, convenient, and effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, great for quick clean ups and touch ups for everyplace in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love to use it to mop my floors, i know they are clean and love the wipes for cleaning everything even phone screen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With the flu season I like to know its clean and germs are gone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a mother of 4 kids, and even though 3 are teenagers, they still can make messes. it is easy and convenient to just grab one wipe stuff down or help clean up messes. plus my kids are into sports and we end up spending a lot of are time at the ball field. which means we end up having to use public restrooms. I like to always have some on me to wipe down toilet seat before my little one uses it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox is affective on almost all viruses and any diseases that we are exposed to daily ! I need to trust my cleaning products to help fend off flu ,strept and anything we are exposed to in retail stores !!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a son who had a transplant so I use the Clorox wipes on everything I can to disinfect our home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product does what it is supposed to do. It is easy to use and not expensive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! i keep them everywhere... in my kitchen, bathroom, car! it is such a Great Product!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! Really gets rid of stains and whitens clothes! Also a great price for the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great and I believe my home is very clean when used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very easy to use. Keep them with me when travelling This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product and use it all of the time. It is easy to use and makes clean up fast. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes especailly because it is easy to use. Especially since it has a lemon scents you do not think its clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Like this product. It works well. Use them for everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has great products. Affordable and they work great. The wipes are so easy to use. I use them all the time This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The best cleaining wipes on the market...hands down! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
perfect wipes to get the job done because i have a so and disable husband they both waste things when they are together This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't use any other disinfecting wipes. These are super convenient and keep the germs away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's so easy to just grab a sheet that pops up and wipe the countertop after prepping food, or wipe and sanitize the plastic cutting board after use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product and the way it smells! Very easy clean up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient, quick, and easy. Makes clean. healthy living with children and schedules a bit easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the toilet bowl cleaner and the foam spray. has gotten my grout super clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy this for my daughter who is a teacher and needs to keep her classroom clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy and work well. i am glad to use this product. highly recommend This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always keep a container under every sink in the house. Convenient to grab when cleaning windowsills, baseboards, touching up floors and pet messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes all over my kitchen. Easy to use and i love that they disinfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are the best for cleaning my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
good value for the money. does what it is supposed to do This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the Clorox wipes at home and at work. I love all the scents they are available in as well. Very pleased with this product. My little ones even love helping me clean with these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
with little ones around this is an easy way to grab and swipe away all those little stains and spills that happen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
so easy to use. it gets the job done and smells great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use this at work to clean my desk and wow love this
i use them for everything. leaves everything looking clean and fresh This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox wipes because they are so easy to use. it is really easy to clean by just grabbing a wipe and using it to quickly wipe down a surface. i probably go through a can of these a week! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are awesome! They disinfect and leave a wonderfully fresh lemon scent behind!
Love the fresh smell and effectiveness. clorox is a trusted brand in my household.
I absolutely love these for quick cleanup in the kitchen! They disinfect and leave my kitchen smelling lemony fresh!
When I'm in a rush and want to fresh up my kitchen or bathroom I use these till I can do a more deep clean later. Works great for disinfecting accidents my sons make on the floor.
clorox wipes are great for the bathroom and kitchen. i keep them everywhere around the house. i also love the various scents that are available.
I teach a Sunday School class for 4 and 5 year olds, and they're so messy! These wipes are great! Just a couple of swipes across the table and all the crayon, spilled juice, marker, etc are all gone! Since they're so easy to use, the kids even love to use them. Love this product!
best brand on the market for disinfectants. I love to use this product.
Great for so many cleaning projects. Use almost every day. At home and at work
When I clean my kitchen and bathroom counters with the Clorox Wipes, I know they are clean.
It is so great to be able to grab a wipe and hit them little cleanup jobs.You dont have to grab a cleaner and a rag to get the job done.Justgrab a wipe from under the sink and its all done.
The wipes are super moist so they don't dry out! They smell good and they are great for quick clean ups!
Besides cleaning very well, disinfecting wipes make cleaning a lot faster and easier.
I truly love this product and use it throughout the house. Flu season is here and I use this on every handle in the house. I have it under kitchen and both bathroom sinks ready to go. I've even been known to use these as a quick wipe me up of sticky drips on the kitchen floor
I enjoy using Clorox Disinfecting Fresh Wipes in our bathroom. They're safe and effective for cleaning, and ensures a clean bathroom for my family.
Use clorox wipes weekly in my cleaning...in the kitchen, bathrooms especially. Convenient and effective!
Love the way my kitchen smells after I use these wipes! I know the surfaces in my home are disinfected and clean!
I use disinfectant wipes multiple times a day and these are the best. Great smell, great cleanliness, great convenience.
One of my favorite cleaning products! I love this brand and it helps keep our house germ free. Thanks for keeping our family healthy and I can't imagine life without them.
These wipes are far better than any other wipes I've tried. They disinfect surfaces and leave a very plesant odor. I really would really try them out. I love them and will buy again
Love the scent of this wipe and that it takes care of all my surfaces at home and the office!
I think clorox wipes are a great product, I use them everytime I clean.
I love these wipes, they smell good and they get the job done!
These are super easy to use, and for a family of five that's a plus. From cool aid stains to disinfecting counter tops Clorox wipes are awesome!
I love that these wipes not only do the job effectively, but they also don't have an overpowering smell!
love the convenience of this product, nice scent, and disenfecting quality
Smell great, clean excellent and antibacterial! It is a perfect product if you have kids at home!
I have 3 small children and love this product. Dragging out a bunch of cleaning supplies to clean up was not very much fun or safe with little ones around. Gone are the buckets of cleaning solution and nasty sponges. I just pull out a wipe and quickly clean off the kitchen counters and stove without missing a beat with the kids. Love it!!
i love them no residue but dont use on metal appliances
When my house or kitchen is messy I can pick up this product and clean while knowing it is disinfecting as well. The Lemon smell is a plus.
Beyond convinient! great product for quick cleaning!
I Love the smell of this product and it is so handy
Love this! I use it on multiple surfaces around my entire house!
I use these wipes all around my house. I feel comfortable knowing that my babys toys are clean and germ free.
I love these wipes! They work great for cleaning and disinfecting my daughter's toys after she has been sick.
The reason why I buy the wipes is so that there are no sprays that get onto or into food products when cleaning the kitchen area. I also donate the wipes to my daughters 1st grade class. They are very easy for the kids to use and are not harmful to their skin! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I worked at a childcare center for 2 years and we used Clorox wipes everyday. I also use it at my new job as a call center operator. It kills the germs and smells great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Our favorite for keeping the kitchen clean and free from germs. We use it for whole-room cleaning as well as to keep the counter tops fresh and clean after preparing meals.
I recently bought a swiffer wet jet after years of scrubbing my kitchen and bathroom floors with Clorox wipes. After I finished with the swiffer it had looked as though I just pushed the dirt around. Needless to say I went back to using Clorox wipes on my floors as well as just about everything else!!! 3
I use this product many times a day in my house! Love it! I have a stock pile of it, so I never run out! Thanks for a product that works!
I teach middle school students and we are always in need of Clorox wipes. They are great for everything, especially sanitizing desks!
I use these almost everyday in the bathroom and kitchen. They clean everything and I know the germs are gone !
I love Clorox products. They work awesomely on any surface This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using clorox wipes to do a quick swipe in the bathrooms or in the kitchen They are especially helpful with cleaning up messes the kids have made.
I love Clorox Wipes - they do a great job disinfecting my kitchen, bathroom, dining room, den, everywhere in the house.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the lemon fresh scent.. my husband uses clorox wipes on everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy it is to use these wipes. Gets the job done in less time
This is perfect for cleaning the bathroom after the kids.
I love these because they can be used for absolutely everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Perfect bleach product! Best value and better than most store brand! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes.. so handy and convenient to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely LOVE these wipes! They are so simple and easy to use. My house feels a thousand times cleaner! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is one of the products that is always on my shipping list. I can trust to always keep thing clean and sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a house of babies and dogs and a messy husband, these are quick and convenient way to keep the house up to my cleanliness standards. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes are a convenient way to disinfect the entire house. I use them in the kitchen and also the bathroom. I always have some in the care when we travel to disinfect anywhere we go. EXCELLENT PRODUCT This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have Clorox wipes sitting on my counter at all times. Love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the fresh lemon scent it leaves. It cleans very well. I am obsessed with cleaning my kitchen with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the wipes because they are easy and highly effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the entire line of Clorox products because I know that they keep my family safe from germs. I especially love that the wipes can be used on a variety of surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox in Every Room of my house. From the bathroom to the ceiling fans in my bedroom, these wipes are awesome! The scent isn't too overpowering and they're not rough on your hands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love Clorox wipes. use them to clean microwave and wipe down kitchen surfaces. great value! 5 stars This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are great. I use to clean my counter tops with a sponge. What was I thinking and what took me so long to switch This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product does a great job. Cleans and disinfects and smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these things! They smell amazing and leave my counters sparkling clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes. Easy cleaning. Easy for kids to use to clean up small mess. Make your home or work space feel clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox Wipes are great. I keep a canister in the kitchen and both bathrooms. Counters, sinks, fridge, toilet, doors, fans... cleans, disinfects, and very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these. Use them at home and give them to teachers throughout the year. Very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just love using Clorox! Such a powerful cleaning supply that actually cleans, flights germs and smell really good! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using Clorox disinfecting wipes because they are easy and convenient to use, disinfects the surfaces I am cleaning and makes the room smell good all at the same time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i have always loved Clorox products. They smell good, cleans and disinfects very well. This has always been my go to brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all the products! they are easy and smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
really enjoy the product and the ease of use that it allows This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are easy to use for everyday / weekly chores. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox because it does exactly what it is suppose to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is my go to cleaning product, I have a canister in every bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it smells amazing. it is also a quick clean for easy use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it best thing in the world cause I have a one year old who makes a mess all the time This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is great for getting my kids involved in helping clean around the house. They disinfect surfaces (a plus), and they clean very well. I buy them all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the easy, convenient disinfecting power of Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes! The fresh scent makes my home smell clean and I know that it's disinfected too.
I love the smell and the way are so convenient to use in my bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is my go to cleaner for most of my lifes messes....the wipes make it so much easier with a great smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Everything was great
i keep a canister of these wipes everywhere. even my kids know to go get one when they make a mess or spill something and they often only tell me what happens after they're all done cleaning up. with these wipes at hand they can take care of it themselves and i know whatever grime or germs they're cleaning up will be gone
Being a new mother I'm a bit obsessed with keeping the germs at bay... these have my life so much easier! I carry them in the diaper bag, car. they're ALWAYS with us! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
we use clorox wipes everyday and will continue to use them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the way this product cleans and it smells good too This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product works great. I like using it when im cleaning my kitchen or counter tops.
You can use these wipes to clean up practically any mess. I love them for that purpose. Just grab one...wipe up and then done. :)
I use them every day on my bathroom counter tops and toilets to try to keep germs at bay. Also use on door knobs and faucet in kitchen to keep germ free Nd keep my family healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes making cleaning in the classroom and at home. The generic brands don't live up to the real thing.
This is an excellent strength product, that does a quick clean and does it well. So convenient I keep a tub in each bathroom and under the sink in the kitchen, so I'll have them right where i need them when I need them!
These wipes are great for cleaning up in the kitchen, bathroom and everywhere in the house.
I love the way this leaves a good smell after i clean. This is the only one that I use. Thanks Clorox
I love these. They make clean up easy and I can throw away the mess and the germs.
Clorox is a name that epitomizes clean. When I use your products in my home I know that germs are being reduced and my family is safer from the things that may make them sick. My whole family uses the Clorox line of products but I especially like the ease of use that the wipes offer. The wipes are portable so you can move them from room to room or take them on the road and they always offer the same confidence of clean no matter where we might be.
I use these to wipe the seat when I use the public rest room. I keep several in a ziploc bag in my purse.
I have four sons and I run a daycare. Enough said on how often the bathroom needs disinfected around here. I love that I can have my 9 year old clean the bathroom with the wipes and not worry about him using too much or too little clener. He misses spots but the main surfaces are nice and clean, atleast for a moment:)
This is the only disinfecting wipe that I use. I LOVE IT!!!
I like the clean smell and the wipes dont fall apart easily.
I love to clean my kitchen and bathroom counters with them. The scent is refreshing and not overpowering. I also put them on my mop instead of mopping cloths sometimes. A very good product.
I use this product after my grandchildren come in from school after their mother picks them up to wipe down the kitchen counters and toys. It has cut down on illnesses we kept getting from them being exposed at school.
I love these wipes, I am a clean, disinfecting freak... I use clorox bleach on everything to clean. These are so convenient and not as harsh as using regular bleach for everyday cleaning. I have tried other disinfecting wipes and don't like them as well. These are sturdier and have a fresher scent. I will definitely continue to use these and I always am telling my friends they need to us them too.
As a Special education teacher and a mom-these are my best weapon againt germs. I use them almost daily!
I love Clorox disinfecting Wipes as I have two dogs and a messy grandchild and want to aleviate germs as much as possible. I feel I can always trust Clorox products - nice smell doesn't hurt.
Great for quick cleaning of counters and bathrooms.
I am a very busy person and these wipes make cleaning fast and easy and also love the scent!
it smells good and cleans up messes. its great when you have kids that get sick and it disenfects the germs. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I love the effectiveness and the convenience of these wipes so much that I keep some in every room of the house and in my car! It's so easy to keep the kitchen and bathroom clean when these are on hand. And I know that all surfaces are not only clean but disinfected. Love the clean lemony smell also!
I love this product because I feel it's clean super clean and I like the smell.
I love this product, in fact, people call me the Clorox Queen! I have a jug in my cars, kitchen, bathrooms, basement, garage, everywhere. They can be used on any of my surfaces, anywhere, anytime! love them. Only wish we would have bought stock in this product years ago.
I love these wipes, because it is effective. You can see the dirt disappear right in front of you. Not only does it work, but it has the lemony scent, which I love!
my family and I love your product. we use it on everything/.
I have a 2yr old and keeping my home as germ-free as possible is extremely important to me. Using these products everyday gives that to me. I love these wipes!!
Works great on everything and smells good. I love this product and recommend to everyone.
I keep these in my house at all times. They are so handy for quick spills and fast wipe downs. They smell great!
Before dinner, I love to clean the table off with a Clorox wipe to make sure there are no germs before we eat. The kids always comment on the smell and it makes me feel like my house is fresh and clean. Thanks
I keep this product in my kitchen and bathroom for a quick touch up every day! So convenient and easy I could not maintain my home without them!
I have to always have Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in both my bathroom and kitchen area. I'm a clean freak so it's always necessary to have these handy. Luv that they do all my hard work for me. Thanks Clorox!!!
This product and scent is great for every room - makes freshening up the bathroom or kitchen quick and easy.
We use these in our home all the time. We can keep the house clean and smelling fresh all at the same time.
Use them on everything and I love how well they do their job
I love clorox products. Love the convenience of the wipes
I love these wipes feels clean and smells fresh love the scent...
I have a little baby and this wipes are amazing to disinfect . I love them !
great cleaning product with crisp clean smell. So easy to just grab one and go!
I trust Clorox for all my cleaning needs. Having a young child in the house means big messes and Clorox is always my go to cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox wipes are awesome! I keep them in the kitchen and both bathrooms for those need a quick clean up moments! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are very handy to keep around. I have a little who likes to grab everything so these are great to have. They clean very well and smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use nothing but Clorox. It is the best. I have tried less priced bleach and could really tell the difference, clothes were turning yellow and the others did not seem to clean as well. I use Clorox or I will use nothing. When you have the best there is no replacement. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for quick clean up's. Love them while we're camping. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love this product I use it almost every day. I believe it cleans all the dirty areas of the house... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a famous and trustworthy brand. Family name company that provides the best cleaning product that does its job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that they clean and disinfect at the same time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wipes a lot , are easy to use, one towel last enough to clean a big area in my kitchen and the smell is good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the wipes. These are great when you have kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes. I use in every room of the house, in the car and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent stuff, without smelling up the house! Gets it cleeeeean! Even with a LOT of kids running around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
works great! I use it for cleaning everything. Smells good too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes - so much easier than using spray and paper towels This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love them.love the way they clean. always keep them on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great. They are convenient and cost effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
use them often, very good product for cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! It's easy to use and cleans well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Absolutely love this product! Can't live without it. So convenient and cleans well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Disinfected! I love using Clorox wipes everywhere in my house when I clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use every day... Easy to use and great for small messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use these to quickly cleanup messes left behind by my teenage boy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use when cleaning greasy kitchen messes. Love the lemon scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are my go to when it comes to cleaning and disinfecting just about any surface in my house. Having 4 kids, I depend on Clorox Wipes to keep my home bug free and the kids healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a great time saver in the kitchen or bathroom. Leaves behind a lovely fresh scent and a grand shine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes. they keep my home smelling fresh and germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great strain remover , cheap, great of the the baby This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've always trusted and loved Clorox. With a baby on the way i find myself using them all the time! I know the germs are away and i dont have to worry about it! I've never been let down with any clorox product i've ever used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to use these in the kitchen. I feel confident that my cooking surfaces are clean, disinfected and safe when I prepare meals for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
we love clorox disinfecting wipes! great for families with young kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the lemon wipes . I have a messy toddler and they work great!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes for all my everyday messiness. I have several pets and they make messes that I use wipes to clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!! I DO NOT USE ANYTHING ELSE. WHEN YOU CLEAN WITH THIS YOU JUST KNOW EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE OK This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoy these wipes and so do my kiddos! When the kids are doing chores it makes their life so much easier to just pull out the wipes and wipe down the counter tops. Instead of using a rag and spray (which can get everywhere) then the rag gets tossed in the laundry and bleaches out other clothing! With these wipes they can toss them in the trash and be done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! Easy to use when you need a quick clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy LOTS of Clorox products for home and kids classrooms. Keeps things germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these helps keep my home smelling fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the lemony smell and the fact that it kills germs on contact. There isn't anything that comes close to effectiveness of Clorox brand products. I will always be forever faithful to my Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes because they are easy to use and is a great disinfectant. makes cleanups a breeze This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for kitchen and bathroom use. Also a really good value! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love these wipes. I use them daily at home, in my office, and in my car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox wipes, super easy to use and they disinfect so well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes. I feel the house is really clean when I use the wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for a mom on the run that still wants to keep thing clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is wonderful! I love how it whitens everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use Clorox in my bathroom kitchen because I know it kills germs and bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are easy to use, and I can trust that all items I have cleaned, are CLEAN! I like the fresh clean smell, also! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are convenient for cleaning when you want to get something really clean really quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes. Cut my cleaning time in half and allows me to disinfect while doing so. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep Clorox wipes in my bathroom and use it daily to clean and disenfect . Smells great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these things! easy to use and very convinient. Great for school teachers too :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy it is to grab one and clean! Love the lemon scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that it is so easy to use and it also smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this is a great product with an awesome reputation This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have 2 grandsons age 5 and twin boy girl 10 month old grandchildren. We are always grabbing a Clorox wipe. With teething comes drooling, with 5 year old boys is the sneezing and coughing on anything and everything. Clorox to the rescue, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are awesome! Cleans fabulously and smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Feel safe using this product. Overall I rate it the best product in the market. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have 3 boys, we need to clean a lot of messes very often! These work out great for that! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product, will recommend it to my friends and family This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox cleaning wipes for cleaning my house. Especially my bathrooms! It makes the clean-up process so easy, and I dont have to worry about the germs being killed. I also dont have to worry about spraying chemicals which may drift into the air and be breathed in by my kids and pet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox. I feel better knowing that my family is protected from nasty germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
One of the easiest and convenient ways to disinfect an area. Great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love your products love love love love clorox products i use them all the time This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes daily. They are convenient and do a great job cleaning up after my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are easy, powerful, and best of all... so convenient! They are definitely a must in any busy, modern day person's cleaning arsenal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes everyday since it has been flu season This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always have great cleaning success with Clorox. Great stain remover and very powerful cleaning tough dirt. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have to admit Clorox winds the cleaning war hands down. I have used many products some cheaper and some more expensive but nothing compares!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
loved this product for over 30 ears. it has not failed yet This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes everyday! Easy for quick clean up or for toddler spills! And I love that there are multiple scents so I can clean different rooms with different ones. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the Disinfecting Wipes..Easy to use and get for on the go This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Mother of three (four if count hubby), full-time employee, clean (other people's) houses on the side, and try desperately to balance everything! I carry a package of Clorox wipes with me just about everywhere I go that way, amid all the chaos I can have a little peace of mind knowing that at least what is in arms reach is clean!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox products. It whitens, disinfects,removes stain and deodorizes the house to make everything fresh. I uses it just about in every room in my house. Clorox is most definitely a powerful cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has been used in my family for generations. It is our go to brand when it comes to cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would recommend this product to anyone because of its easy use and the container for the wipes are easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox wipes are great for cleaning up messes quick!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really love the way the Clorox bleach wipes takes care of every dirty job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I purchased these for my som who is a college freshman, he said that they were really convenient and easy to use and made him fill a little more comfortable about sharing a bathroom with 3 others. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are my go to cleaner. They are easy to use and compact enough to fit in every room of my home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Does a great job of cleaning up all over my house, whether in the kitchen or in the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is one product you will always find in my house! I love using Clorox and it makes the house smell clean. With kids and pets, I recommend Clorox to every household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
wouldn't be without these, especially in the winter during cold and flu season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I HAVE BEEN USING CLOROX FOR YEARS. IT USE TO BE ONLY THE JUGS BUT IN THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS I AM MADLY IN LOVE WITH THE SPRAY BOTTLES. THEY ARE SO CONVENIENT. ONE MATTER WHAT THE PROBLEM CLOROX IS THE CLEANER OF CHOICE!! GREAT PRODUCT. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. They are so quick and easy to use for messes and disinfecting. I love to keep them on hand for disinfecting when I am cooking with raw meat and eggs so I don't have to worry about cross contamination. I also love using them when my children are sick so I can give a quick wipe down to the things they touch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes for a quick daily bathroom scrub. Just remember to use gloves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product on a daily basis for my house and my office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Freshens and disinfects. Smells clean. Easy to use very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are what I use most frequently. I find them useful for just about everything. I keep a container on every floor. I've been using Clorox products for as a long as I can remember. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product its something that i use all the time and so does my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
little kids + fun mess these wipes are great for quick clean up wherever you are...kitchen , bathroom, car... simple enough for a little one to clean up a mess they made toss in trash teens will actually use these to clean up after themselves too This review was collected as part of a promotion.
2 kids 6 and 8. 2 BIG dogs. I am always cleaning!!!! I love how these are so handy to just wipe away the dirt! They are even safe for my kids to use. Look up on pinterest for craft ideas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
excellent product! very convenient to use and always cleans up the mess This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for everything from cleaning my desk at work to cleaning up at home. Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are amazing and easy to use. I keep a container in each bathroom and kitchen which makes clean up and disinfecting a breeze This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a brand that you can depend on from laundry to everyday disinfecting. Hands down the best product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes - they are in my car the kitchen in the bathroom and near the fridge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good product, easy to use, gets rid of germs no spray needed This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only use Clorox because they work great on all surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good product that has been used for years in my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a toddler son and Clorox wipes have become a staple in my household. I keep a container in my bathrooms, kitchen and car because my toddler explores the world with his mouth and the Clorox wipes are convenient and disinfects with one wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE! My Clorox wipes! Especially for easy clean up, disinfecting and my stainless steal appliances! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for a quick wipe or a thorough one. I love the convenience of this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
hi just wanted to let you know that love your wipes .. great for flu time coming, and love the scent ones to ,,, thanks for making it easy on us moms.. thanks pam smith This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this daily! I can't live with out my Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use the Lysol Disinfecting Wipes daily in our classrooms. We clean the tables and countertops in the classroom. When done , we throw away the wipe. How clean and easy! By the way, the wipes has a nice clean, fresh sent! Thank Clorox!
This is my very favorite go to cleaner for those fast clean ups. I couldn't survive without it :)
they are so much better than the lysol wipes. everything comes off with these clorox wipes, they dont ruin the woof of my dining room table and they smell great.
I love using this product on day to day messes. It takes care of those messes that are not very bad and the really bad messes.
They clean up my messes with just one wipe and they do not dry up fast at all! I buy them at least once a month!
I love these. They are so convenient and they work great. Also, love the fresh scent. I use them for cleaning everything.
It smells great and works great. If I run out it is a huge deal. I need this to get rid of the kids messes
I love this product. It cleans my counter easily and the smell of lemon scent is an added bonus!
I use these in my kitchen all the time. They clean up the toughest stains easily!
This product is a must in my household. I use it for everyday cleaning. Love the refreshing smell and the sparkle that it gives.
the clorox wipes are perfect for those easy quick clean ups, before after making meals for my family. The scent comforts me in knowing that the surfaces are clean.
My husband teases me that I should buy stock in Clorox because I use so many disinfecting wipes over the course of a week. They are wonderful for cleaning my kitchen surfaces and bathrooms. The lemon smell is pleasant, but not too overwhelming. This is a product I will continue to rely on to keep my house clean. Thanks, Clorox!
They are amazing and so convenient. I use them every day!
This product can be used all over the house. I use it to clean countertops in the kitchen and in the bathrooms as well. I also use it for minor spills on tile floors and even carpet. This product is a staple in my household for sure.
We keep the Clorox wipes handy in the kitchen and bathroom. Use them for quick clean ups and daily counter wipe downs. He lemon ones smell fresh without overpowering bleach. Also think using them cuts down on germs!
I absolutely love these wipes. I use them for everything. I love that one side is a scrub and another is soft. I also love the clean scent.
I love the convenience of Clorax Dienfec ting Wipes. They are easy to use and don't have an offensive odor like some products.
I use this product several times a week for general cleaning and quick cleanup in the kitchen and bathroom. I'm so glad that such a great product is available for everyday cleaning.
This is a very well known product in our household. it is a daily used item. not only by killing germs but it also leaves behind a refreshing scent.
I love this product - the pop up canister makes grabbing a wipe to clean up messes a cinch! And the smell is great. One of my favorite cleaning products!!!
I love the smell of the wipes. It is fresh yet not overbearing. I use them constantly to clean up spills or just wipe off my surfaces.
Great product for cleaning everything. I could not live without them!
This product does the job,and then some! we always use this product for everyday use
They smell great, they clean just about any mess my 4 kids can make. And they don't fall apart like other cleaning wipes.
The only wipes that do not make my hands break out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product works very well for me. I like to know that my house is clean and disinfected after using these wipes.
I use this product mostly in my bathroom. It works great to wipe down the toilet and many other areas. It also leaves a nice clean scent!
I keep a container in my kitchen and both bathrooms at all times they are great for when company comes to quickly clean up or when one of the little ones makes a mess grab one and you are done so fast.
I like how easy it is to give the bathroom sink and counter a quick sweep with these wipes when I don't have much time.
very practical and time-savings product, will buy again and again
I love it! These keep my classroom clean and free of germs! I hardly ever have students catch the viruses that are running around the school!
Great cleaning product.When I use corox cleaning wipes I know that I a keeping my kids as safe from germs as possible.
I love to use this in my kitchen and make it smell clean and fresh.
Clorox wipes are great for almost any type cleanup. I use in the kitchen as well as in bathrooms. I did not think I would like them but I will have to say that I was wrong because after using them they are my favorite !
i always make sure to have this in my office it cleans really good and smells great and also good to disinfect phones
Use these in the house and on the boat. Good for quick clean-ups. Great on the boat where you can encounter spills, mildew, bird p**p, etc. while out and about (yes, it made me censor that).
These are great to have around for a quick clean up! I keep them under every sink in the house!
I recently used Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) around my house. The wipes were convenient and easy to use. I wiped down the coffee table, kitchen table, door knobs, refrigerator stove to disinfect my house after 3 sick children went to bed. I love the Clorox smell but these wipes left my house lemon fresh at the end of the night! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great and easy to use in the kitchen and in the bathroom. I dont worry about things not being cleaned
i liek to use this all over my kitchen even on teh floor to do a hand mop!! love it it takes off ko lai stains the red one thats is hard to do!!!
clorox disinfecting wipes are great for spills and is quick and easy to use
Loved using this product. It really works well.... no lie. Maybe I shouldn't but I use it everywhere.
amazing smell always fresh great product love it love it
I use this product at work to clean the dirty tables after a presentation. I love that it disinfects and smells good.
I keep Clorox wipes handy at all times. They are great, they work well, and are soooo convenient!
These are very handy to keep around the house, in the car and in the garage. You can grab a wipe or two and clean up any new messes or just disinfect surfaces. I love to grab one before I walk downstairs and just run it down the hand railing. Perfect for light switches and door knobs too.
I always keep these in my classroom. They are great for clean up as well as disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
like Clorox for years my mon used it for years Thank you This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! So convent for all messes. Use it every time I clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is a quick and easy way to keep surfaces disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recently purchased and tried this product and I must say that I love it. It's super convenient and effective. I will definitely recommend it to everyone :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent product to use especially during the cold and flu season... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that I can easily pull out a wipe and use as soon as its out! No worries about too much liquid on the wipe .... its just right! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love how it cleans!! you only need to use a couple of wipes to clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how clorox leaves my clothes smelling. So much fresher than without it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell . Clorox is the only disinfecting wipes I use in my house. It a product I trust This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are an easy access when I need to clean up a quick mess. For example, my boyfriend decides to shave his beard before guest arrive... I can quickly clean up his mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products, our household could not survive without them. Since I have a child disinfecting is a big deal in our house and the main products I use daily! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Clorox products for many years. I have not been disappointed yet! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes because it makes it easy to keep things disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love it, have one in every room including my car. I can not function with out it. lol This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the best for wiping down things that you know are dirty and see the evidence. That is reassuring to me that they are doing there job: Cleaner and disinfector This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really can see my kitchen and bathroom clean when I use clorox... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent product. Convenient for those quick cleanup jobs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's as easy at one two three Pull, Wipe, Dispose. Can't get easier than that! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes, they are good for cleaning up after my kids make a mess. Also good for cleaning up my kitchen sink and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With two small children we use these everywhere, keep a pkg in the car for carts, too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy and convenient to use. Quick clean up that is done right the first time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox products. There isn't anything esle that makes me feel like I really cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So easy to clean. Very convenient with babies and not much time to clean. I love the clean, fresh smell. We always disinfect the house when someone gets sick with these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for killing germs, as I am a teacher and germs are passed in the classrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox products are very good quality products, easy to use, affordable and works well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of pulling out a wipe, cleaning a mess and then tossing in the trash! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes for quick and easy daily freshen ups in the bathroom and kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So quick to grab and clean up a miss or just touchup! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Who can live without Clorox I Love Clorox! It is a powerful cleaning solution that whitens, removes stains, disinfects and deodorizes. Every house whole should have them in their home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes! Its so easy to grab one and clean up a small mess or just make sure an area is sanitized. With kids they are wonderful. I keep packs in the diaper bag for those shopping cart handles and anything else little hands can't avoid touching. I use them everyday and couldn't imagine not having them. Thanks for the wonderful product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Kids kitchen wipes doggie spills batheoom laundry , car , it does a job cleaning base boards toi ...floors..toiletsGood Great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the smell, the simplicity of the product and knowing it's work!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE THAT MY SOCKS ARE WHITE AGAIN AND NOT GRAY. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are wonderful. My kids always seem to be making some sort of mess in the bathroom and the wipes make it easy to clean up. I also love that they disinfect the surfaces to keep everyone healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a young boy in the house, I use these everyday, especially in the bathroom. Quick clean up and disinfects at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have used Clorox wipes for a very long time and are so happy with how well they work and how easy they are to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is great and easy to use - cleans, smells great, and does the job right. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience and the disinfectant power... specially with a 3 month old baby and cats in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it, I will continue to use them as long as I can afford them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like how convenient this product is and how it smells. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product cleans and disinfects better than any other multipurpose wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They are super easy to use, so I always keep them in the bathroom and in the kitchen, so that i can be ready at all times to clean up a mess when it happens! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these for every room in my house they are awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are awesome wipes. They are easy to use and do not leave a residue on your hands after using. They clean very well and the scent is fabulous. I have tried other wipes however they end up ripping while I try to clean. These are very strong, great scent and make cleaning easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love the Clorox disinfecting wipes! Quick and easy to use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is the best bleach for sanitizing your whole household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I rely on these especially for my computer phone and tablet. Easiest way to get a cold is not to regularly clean these items. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My only Job done with this. I used this for every cleaning their is. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
thumbs up i use them all the time because they are not just easy but effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are the best, easiest way to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes several times a day to disinfect the kitchen and bathrooms during cold and flu season. They are convenient and disposable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent to disinfect and clean toilet. Love this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is completely awesome! I have used this brand for quite awhile and it has been so great to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would really recommend this product! I obsessed with the clean smell that it puts out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a great product and easy to use. The Lemon scented wipes smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox disinfectant wipes around my house daily. I have a little one under one, and she likes to get her hands on everything. I take comfort in knowing my home is clean and germ free when I use the wipes! The container is easily accessible and ready whenever I need to grab a wipe quickly. They have a fresh, clean scent. I will always have Clorox wipes in the house. I never want to run out!- This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only clean with bleach. My house just doesn't feel clean with anything else.The price is cheaper overall than other brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox's Disinfecting Wipes because they make clean up a breeze. Work smarter, not harder! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love clorox helps keep the germs and sickness down in our home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I particularly love the wipes they disinfect so well. We use at school all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The best cleaning wipes on the market today! Use them everywhere! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i always wipe down my kitchen counters with clorox wipes. we love it. we dont use any other brand. citrus scent is my fave! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is my go to cleaner for my kitchen and bathroom. The products are convenient easy to use. Thank you Clorox for providing your consumer with awesome products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the scent of the Clorox lemon disinfecting wipes because they leave my kitchen smelling so lemony clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is dependable and easy to use. I love that it is safe to use around my children! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are so easy to use. Always ready for the quick clean up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes! They work great on white counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I trust Clorox wipes...I feel confident that the area I am cleaning is disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes cleans better than other(s) cleaners...less grease and grim and smells better than competitors cleaning wipe products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i clean counter tops with it and also the bathroom sinks. I love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to use Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are so easy to use for most all messes. I know that after I have used them I have cleaned the area and sanitized at the same time and I look forward to the refreshing scents. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox wipes every day. Great for quick clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience and effectiveness of Clorox Wipes. I use them often during cold and flue season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are so convenient! I keep one canister in my car, one in each bathroom, one in the kitchen...and I regularly give them to teachers for holiday gifts! They're always appreciated! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox products. My family loves how easy they are to use to clean up little messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They work the best for cleaning up every room in the house . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a dad this is a definite must in the house. When the wife is deployed and there are kids running around the house, clean up becomes easy with the wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love them! The help my family and me stay healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The disinfecting wipes works well on cleaning the stove. I use it every time I need to clean my stove from grease. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes has helped me keep up with three boys, they are easy to open wipe and throw away! PLUS I feel like I'm protecting my family from germs at the same time. I love the product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I clean my counter tops.door knobs anything in the house with these wipes Great For Everday Cleaning !! i Keep Them in my bathroom to wipe the tolet seat daily . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox wipes throughout my house for easy cleaning. It helps keep the dust away while making my house smell clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is perfect for school during flu season. It is convenient to clean off desks knowing the germs are gone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love cleaning the toilets with these. It's less ukky... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I carry these wipes everywhere. Good for parents with small kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using the disinfected wipes as they are easy to use. I use them so very often everywhere. I like how they have the different secents as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is great for wiping up spills and great for the classroom also. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, great disinfectant. everyday uses floors, counters, appliances This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. I give it 5 stars. Thanks so much. One of those things that helps make life better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product, easy and convenient to use for cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes, they dont stink, but smell pleasantly. They dont leave any streaks on my appliances or other This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love Clorox wipes they are so easy to use and they work wonderfully This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy clean up when dealing with kids who spill things all the time. take one out and wipe it away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! Use it for everything around the house! Great for use with small children This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The lemony scent covers the bleach scent, so it's not too strong for me to use mutiple times daily. Everything gets clorox wiped, childrens high chairs, walkers, play pen railings, countertops, tables. Every surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products. Clorox wipes are handy to use all of the house especially during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It 's very good for kitchen appliances and granite countertop. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are so easy to use in daily cleaning... I love them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love it, grew up with it in the home as the number 1 germ disinfectant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product at home and at the office. Easy cleanup when you need a clean fix. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these convenient wipes made by a brand that can trust With 7 kids to raise I gave to constantly keep stuff from the counters to the car to door Handles to the fridge germ free with that May kids that is 70 finger tips and 14 hands to spread germs I will keep using this brand and hopefully my kids with pass the trust of this brand down to their kids one day
I use disinfectant wipes for the kitchen counters and table. I love how easy it is and how they are moist every time i grab one from the canister. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these several times a day as a stay at home mom on anything from my toddlers high chair to my counters to my toilet. I use them everywhere! I'm not really a clean freak but I love how Clorox Wipes make me feel like everything is clean and is so easy to use. I just grab one, wipe whatever it is I feel needs cleaned, and throw away. I'm obsessed! Not sure what I would do without these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would recommend this product, based on its value and ability to disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My 7 year old cleans his bathroom with these wipes. They are easy to use and effective for cleaning up all the leaks little boys tend to have!!
Love clorox products. Love the scents. This product has been used in our household for generations.
I have been using this product since it was introduced.I love them.I can't run my home without them.
I love the clorox disinfecting wipes because I know when I use them that everything gets clean. There is a sense of relief knowing that it got clean.
gets the job done and smells so nice. I use it every where in the house, i would highly recommend this product for every day use.
I use these at work. The smell is nice, and unoffensive (which is important when in an office building). And I like knowing that my desk is disinfected.
I love clorox wipes. They keep everything clean and disinfected!
I use these at work and at home! I love cleaning my desk and keyboard every other week, especially when the office has the flu/cold going around. At home I love using these around the bathroom tub and toliet area. Also on all doorknobs and light switches!
I've tried the competitor, but I've been pleased with the durability, cleansiness, and dependability of this product. Hands down it's the ONLY disinfecting wipes that have be tried proven in my home. It's a keeper!
I love these wipes! Easiest way to know your house is disinfected and safe.
Work is the best place to use clorox wipes. With everyone sharing computers and phones, the wipes are very handy to quickly wipe off germs.
I love this product. It really makes cleaning the house much faster. Plus it smells great.
Love these wipes, I use them everywhere from the bathroom to the kitchen, to my child's toys, to my car, even my PC.
Nice Lemon scent - We use them around the office to keep things sanitized. No complaints!
i love clorox wipes. they clean anything and everything! they leave a fresh scent and everything feels so clean and fresh.
One of our favorite quick clean-up items for everyday use in the household and we always have a container in the car.
Our teacher's ask for these wipes to use in their classrooms to help keep germs from spreading.
I have four cats who do not stay off my kitchen counters. I love that I can grab a wipe and go over the counters quickly when the humans need to use them. I always have a container handy .
I use these for cleaning EVERYTHING! They are the best for cleaning the bathroom and kitchen quickly. I even use them to clean out our bird cage. I also love that they get rid of germs, especially this time of year.
I love this product. It makes it so easy to clean up after my four boys, which is quite often!
Easy to store under the kitchen and bathroom sinks. Love using them to clean up the kitchen after making dinner. No more wet sponges to wipe up my messes!
I love to clean the whole house with this it does an amazing job and smells good too!
I use the disinfecting wipes in the bathroom mostly. They are great for cleaning and disinfecting the vanity top, getting up little smudges on the floor, cleaning the cup holder, etc. There are so many things I use it for and it does a great job on all of them. An added bonus to these is the smell. Not only do they work great, they smell good too.
I use these in just about every room in the house! Love them!
THIS PRODUCT SMELLS GREAT AND DOES THE JOB! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS!
The lemon wipes are easy to take-along and I love the clean scent!
This product works great. Easily cleans counters and bathrooms and walls just to name a few. They even leave everything smelling clean and fresh!
I love this product, i keep a container in all my bathrooms and my kitchen!
I keep a carton in our diaper bag and use to wipe up restaurant high chairs and table tops. Fits nice in the side pocket of the bag.
favorite disinfecting wipe by far!i have tried others and none compare!
These wipes work smell great for everyday touch ups. I use them everyday I also use all the other kind of wipes.
I use these wipes everyday! Can't clean without them!
I keep these under my bathroom sinks and just pull them out when needed.
I had never tried these wipes until my sister told me about them. I absolutely LOVE them!!! I use them in my house, my vehicle, everywhere. They clean, disinfect, and leave a fresh smell......
I love these wipes. They are convenient and I use them in every room of my house to kill germs.
I use these all the time in the bathroom. It is great to clean quickly.
I luv Clorox wipes..I keep these behind our toilet, have trained our 6 yr old to wipe dn the seat every time..Wow, my bathroom stays clean fresh smelling..Its so good to know that all germs are being taken care of all during tha day!! THANK U CLOROX!!!
I use this Clorox product and many others in my kitchen, dining room, bathroom on every doorknob and handle in my home. It smells great and keeps my home germ free. I reccomend these products to everybody, especially those with pets and children.
I love using the wipes because they are disposable and they do a great job.
I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they are super convenient to use, have a fresh scent, and are a brand that I trust. I use them at home when I need to quickly and efficiently clean up my countertops or restroom sink. I don't know of any other more convenient product out there that compares to Clorox!
it works great, i love the smell it keeps my home disinfected great product for all household types
love that there ready to use and they can go anywhere
I just bought 2. And it cleans so well. I use it for everything. It's very useful. I would totally recommend if you have children. It does wonders.
I use Clorox Wipes for everything I love them and will never stop using them as long as Clorox makes them!!!! A big fan of other Clorox Products as well!!!
use to clean table to disinfect so we can eat have 2 cats and they love to be on the table so before eateing we use the wipes to clean it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good value, Convenient,easy ti use,Disinfectant, powerful cleaning and everything is great. thanks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes Lemon, no matter what kind of food my son has on his play table, all it takes is a couple of wipes and the mess is cleaned up, I also love Clorox Wipes Lemon, because my girls find it easier to clean up the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very convenient in my bathrooms and kitchen area! Always stocked with Clorox handy containers :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always use Clorox. Having four kids I always have messes to clean and clorox has always been my go to cleaner. Never lets me down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is convent to use . Quick clean with no mess , it disinfects what ever i am cleaning I can just throw it away after use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this item. Its effective and convenient. I use for home work, and kids church. A product you can trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it. this is an easy go to product for little or big messes. great for those who have small kids, also great for the everyday use when you are on the go, especially during flu season or just out in public when you need to disinfect something. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are extremely convenient to keep around the kitchen and the bathroom because they're already moist enough to wipe up nearly any spill. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox wipes for quick cleaning jobs around my apartment. I can use them on the stove top, table, counter top, my son's high chair, and bathroom surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox products they disinfect and whiten my kitchen and bathroom makes it smell clean amd fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes! I always use them when cleaning my kids shoes, it takes dirt right off the rubber! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When you use this product you know your house is clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these wipes because they are convenient and get the job done This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! I use them almost everyday and they are so easy to use and throw away and kill germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product especially during flu/cold season! Helps keep everything easily disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have these disinfecting wipes all over our office. Espically this time of year it's nice to disinfect areas where lots of people sit cough their germs everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to used Clorox spray in my kitchen specially on countertop, everyday. its easy to use and very effective. I used clorox bleech for all white laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
THIS PRODUCTS WORKS VERY WELL ON MOSTLY ANYTHING.. I BUY CLOROX FOR ME AND MY FAMILYALL THE TIME. I LOVE THE WAY IT CLEANS THINGS, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoy using clorox wipes. Usually i have using rags to clean because all the dust stays in it. With clorox wipes i use it, picks up all the dust and i can throw it away with no problem. I will recomend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its great to use with my toddler son when he spills This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome Product. I love using these at the office,school and of course at home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the best! When I use them to clean, I know that what I am cleaning will be clean and safe. I wouldn't use another wipe for my disinfecting needs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Its so handy to just use a wipe and be done with it, and you know its disinfecting! :) Clorox is a name I've trusted all of my life, and doing my kids laundry and cleaning the kitchen/bath, I know I'm using a great product that works and whitens also. Clorox is a name to be trusted! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent Product - cleans up your Mess quick and easily This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! I have a child with a weak immune and we use a ton of these and they make cleaning super easy and kill a lot of germs that are harmful to him. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a child in the house that has the flu, I am glad to have clorox wipes to help prevent the spread to others in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great on kitchen counters and toilet seats. Use it everyday to keep my home fresh and germ free. Works better for me than the spray due to sensitive areas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! They are great for cleaning up after my elderly dog :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a mother of 2, I am constantly cleaning up spills and Clorox Wipes make my life so much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the Clorox wipes. They are very convenient and work extremely well. I will never run out of them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love love love all the Clorox products. Especially the wipes I can use them to clean up sticky spills or a quick wipe up around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
works good and cleans grate it works grate nice gob This review was collected as part of a promotion.
what a great way to disinfect your items and have a clean fresh smell! I love Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's not clean until everyone smells the bleach! Wonderful stuff, cleaning with Clorox makes me feel safe that my house is clean as well as sanitized. Germ free with Clorox! Grandmother approved, 3 generations of loyal customers. Keep it up! I want my kids, and my kid's kids to know the old Clorox-Clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for clothes and dishes. For the price I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Keep them in kitchen and bath for quick disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a child with severe health issues and I love the fact that I can quickly sanitize any hard surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are very convenient. I use them to wipe my cabinets and table in the kitchen. Also my cabinets in the bathroom. Love the Clorox wipes and do not like to run out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love Clorox. I use it on everything. I have been using it for years and years to clean family household items. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love the disinfecting wipes. They make cleaning up easy without smelling harsh chemicals! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product was easy to use and was worth the money. I would recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
best disinfecting wipes for the whole house especially in kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of the premoistened wipes. Makes cleaning fast and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the wipes to clean the bathrooms and kitchen. They are so easy and convenient to use. No need for a spray bottle. Also able to disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Thia is a amazing product that fight germs and smells really good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox keeps everything extra white, all products r easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are always a great deal at my local stores and they are so convenient to have on hand for just about any mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product use them everyday to clean my house and disinfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
From laundry to surface cleaning I can always trust clorox to remove stains, disinfect leave a frestt scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a busy mom, it's great to have a product that is quick and easy to use, knowing that I can trust it is disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE THE WIPES they are amazing i use them for everything they come in very handy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes. I look for products that are easy to use and get the job done in a timely manner so I can get back to my kids Clorox wipes are just that. Its fast acting, easy to use and I know whatever I use it on will be clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of these little wipes. With 3 kids and constant messes, these wipes help me clean up messes everyday all day! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the way it disinfects and it is easy and quick to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! Not only are they handy they clean everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes daily to not only to freshen the bathroom but to disinfect. I love the fact that you can multi task with one product. I love the way my bathroom smells after using the wipes. Fresh and Clean!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product. I love how well it cleans and disinfects. Use them daily to keep my house clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are convenient and great at disinfecting This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With kids and dogs, I trust Clorox to do the hard work and clean up the messes they leave behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these at home and at my desk at work. I'm impressed with the disinfecting, scent and convenience. 5 Stars! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My mom used Clorox as I was growing up and I have continued. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to keep the house clean with these everyday! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience when trying to make my house sanitary This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product practically every day for quick touch up cleaning and on tougher stains as well. It's convenient to pack up and take with you and is easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes at home and at my Job as a preschool teacher. Clorox wipes help me fight germs during cold and flu season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Really like how the product cleans and disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use and convenient to keep in each bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the ease of Clorox wipes! They are super convenient and I feel comfortable that they disinfect! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Perfect for easy clean-up. I work in a bank and we use it daily to wipe the counters. At home I use it to wipe the kitchen counters. A great wipe for the quick bathroom clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the products that Clorox makes. The products are of good value and a reasonable a price This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like clorox wipes because they are easy to use, and I can get my daughter to help me clean with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox wipes are so handy when wanting to clean up a spill, clean up a whole area, or to disinfect just about anywhere in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
taking chemo and saitize everything home and on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes at work. We use it on our computer keyboard, mouse, mouse pad, desk phones, cell phones and desktops to assist in killing germs. We also use them on our kitchen counter tops each and every day. It leaves each surface clean, and smelling great each and every time. We absolutely love all the products made by this wonderful company. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these they are even easy and convient enough my kids to clkeaan i keep them in every room This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are convenient and an excellent value! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Awesome product that cleans everything and I have confidence that it is clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathroom and kitchen counter. Much better than spraying a liquid and wiping it off. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a great product. Love the wipes. They are very convenient and clean and disinfect well. Thanks for a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes because they disinfect and are extremely easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes make for the best after meal clean ups with 4 kids under 4 in my household these days idk what I'd do without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We had a infestation of mice in our kitchen and baby nursery. I knew I could trust clorox wipes to not only clean but sanitize everything the little disease filled rodents touched. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are so easy convenient to use. Saves a lot of time cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use wipes every day All the time. My kids look so confused if they run out Mom what do we wipe the table off with like what did we use before wipes were invented :) I love clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy it is to disinfectant my counter without getting a disinfectant spray out using a cloth that may or may not be clean. Clorox wipes are so easy to use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the Clorox wipes for cleaning and disinfecting my countertops and stove top after cooking dinner or a large meal. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product use it all the time for everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes! They make killing germs during flu and cold season easy peasy. And Clean up in the kitchen has never been easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love this product.. I use this product in my business.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these all the time I buy so many it's crazy I love the fact it cleans as I go and makes me feel like I'm actually getting a. Clean home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I can't live without these! Use them throughout the day in the kitchen and in the bathroom for quick clean ups. Easy and affordable - great value! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has been a product used in my family a long time. My mother use to dilute the bleach with water, and I have learned that it is the ONLY product that removes stains from my counters! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great on disinfecting kitchen counters and bathrooms This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gets things clean and disinfects! Awesome products! Syracuse, NY This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are the best at cleaning up any small spills, wet or dry. Easy to use and helps me keep my home clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them to remove stains on my cloth chairs also use it on my carpet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are wonderful use for spills and disinfects around children I would rate this at 5 This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products, especially their disinfecting wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product! I will not go a day without it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes in my kitchen nearly every day! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes and use them daily to get rid of germs especially right now that the stomach bug is going around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Isabel, I have 6 children and kids spread lots of germs having clorox around helps with keeping eveyone healthy and surfaces clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really do love all yall products and always look forward to seeing the new stuff yall come up with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I cannot live without clorox wipes! my favorite cleaning supply! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. I keep them in my bathrooms and kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love to use these wipes to clean everything! They smell so good!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy the wipes are to use. Just wipe down my bathroom and toss it in the trash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use Clorox wipes on everything !!
This is the BEST product for a quick daily wipe down of the outside of the toilet.
I can always rest assured that a Clorox product will clean and disinfect the way I trust it will.
These wipes are my favorite for cleaning the bathrooms. Make it quick with no messy foam spray everywhere!
I FOUND THE CLOROX DISINFECTING WIPES TO BE A COMPLETE NECESSITY TO MY EVERY DAY HOUSEHOLD CHORES. WONDERFUL PRODUCT!
This is a wonderful, must-have product. Great throughout the home-even leaves windows mirrors and glass streak-free.
i like these because they are thicker than Lysol and have more wipes.
This stuff is GREAT!!! I really like these wipes. They work great. I am forever will be using these.
I have a container of Clorox wipes in nearly every room of my home. They are in both bathrooms, the kitchen, and the childrens playroom. I have been providing child care for 11 years and this is absolutely the best wipe I have ever used. I know all of the surfaces are clean and germ free for the children to touch, and in my house that's a very necessary thing! I use them for everything, and I know the areas will be clean and germ free. We rarely have any sickness in our home and I know it is in part due to the Clorox Wipes!!
Love the cleaning power and the smell makes me feel like everything is as clean as I know it is.
i first used these at work and liked them so much i went out and bought some for my home. we love them and go thru alot of them in a week. Thanks Cloroz!!!
While house cleaning, I can give my sons, ages 15 20 , the canister of Clorox wipes and have them wipe down ANY surface that can be touched. They like the scent, dont complain, ( to much and the family is protected during cold and flu season. It has taught them that disinfecting things around the house, and by the way, cars, is not a difficult or time consuming task. Thanks!
I like these wipes for my bathroom and kitchen. They are very convenient for quick cleanups.
I love the lemon scent the most! I wish they sold the Lavendar at my store so I can try it.
This has such a wonderful scent!!! I use them everywhere in my house and also at my job!!!
Great Product, so handy, great for the classroom to wipe down items quickly. No mess
I love these wipes more than any other cleaning product out there. They are convenient and make my home smell wonderful. I use them in almost every room of the house. To top it off, once you are done using them just toss them in the trash!!! Thank you Clorox!!!
Quicks and Easy. Great smell. House smells clean. Like the ease and knowing my house is germ free for my family.
I love the convenience of these wipes! The fresh smell is also a bonus as it makes my kitchen and bathroom smell clean!!
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes make everyday cleaning a snap. Great for the kitchen or the bathroom.
Clorox wipes with the lemon scent are a great easy way to clean most any surface when needed.
I'm a nanny and I don't know what I would do without these wipes. They leave the house smelling great and are able to get through the daily slime and grime of 3 kids. Great product.
Wonderful Wonderful product...nothing else compares
These wipes are lifesavers! Use them daily and never have to worry about germs. Thanks CLOROX
These are awesome we use them daily to clean around the house
I have used these wipes since they were available and I LOVE them.!!!! They smell great, they are very durable, and super convenient! They come out of the container perfectly too! LOVE IT LOVE IT!
I love to use clorox wipes to get rid of germs and nasty smells.
I love this product. I know whatever I clean it with is definitely clean!
Excellent for cleaning around the house - kitchen, bathroom, etc.
I use Clorox wipes all the time and I love how it makes my house smell nice and clean. I use the wipes in my kitchen,bthrms they are a life saver..
My family keeps Clorox wipes in every vehicle because we feel this product sanitizes better that the average hand sanitizing gels.
I love using these wipes all over the kitchen and the bathroom. They make cleaning so much easier!
Love this product! Makes cleaning the bathroom so easy!
These are a necessity in my home. I'm a mother of three children with the oldest being 6. Germs love my house so I do everything to make sure that my home is clean and sanitized. With that being said, I trust that Clorox disinfects does the job. I use it everywhere from my kitchen, to bathroom, to bedrooms to cars...
I love the clorox wipes. I keep a can in my car for unexpected trips to the park so I can wipe down picnic tables, swings etc. Many parents are grateful when I loan them my wipes and probably bought some of their own for the same purpose. If it isn't CLOROX, it isnt clean!!
I use Clorox wipes on every surface in my home from the kitchen to outside furniture, They work great, give me piece of mind and smell wonderful to boot! Thanks CLOROX!
I love Clorox wipes. They clean so well. They are so convenient and I have canisters all over my house!!
I really like this product for quick clean ups. Love the smell-not to overpowering. Great for the toothpaste on bathroom counter and where the kids make a dirty mess around the sink.
I use this product to clean everything. SMells great too!
I love using these wipes. They are easy to use and convenient. I like to send a container with my kids to school so they can help themselves stay healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are good for disinfecting germs. They also clean soap scum, dirt, stains, etc. They are also a great value. I reccomend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Helps me disinfect my boys toys. I love to use them on my kitchen counter and especially toilet seats.
I love how easy it is to pull off a wipe, clean what needs cleaning and simply toss it away. Not paper towels or spraying required, less mess with faulty spray bottles and such. With two potty training little boys in my home we find our selves disinfecting the bathroom ALL DAY LONG and these wipes are awesome to wipe everything down after the accident and know the surfaces are clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a wonderful cleaner to use! It is tough on everything amd whitens everything easily and at low cost This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox Wipes, makes on the go life easier when juggling cleaning and kids with the satisfaction of knowing everything is disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it. I would use it to disinfect and clean the whole house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are my go-to clean up products! With a small child at home, I NEED quick and convenient pick up/clean up items! I couldn't live without these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are right at your hands. I keep mine on the back of the commode and on the counter top for easy access. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
smells awesome! Love to keep this in the kids bathrooms! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've tried other wipes, but we keep going back to Clorox. It's a strong wipe that cleans, disinfects, and smells great. Excellent product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love my clorox wipes for everything. When the kids get sick, I can go around and wipe every hard surface with these wipes and feel good about not spreading germs around. Easy and convenient. Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
use Clorox wipes in my kitchen everyday. love the clean fresh smell in the end!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox Products.Only brand i trust and use and will recommend to anyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox Wipes! They clean so well and work on almost everything! Thank you so much! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that the product disinfects and it is convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With 3 kids, there are messes everywhere. These wipes really help out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using the Clorox Lemon Disinfecting wipes. The lemon scent smells so good when I'm cleaning my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all of Clorox products and use them daily. The wipes are great for cleaning up messes and wiping down counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE CIOROX BEING USIN IT ALL MY LIFE WOULDN'T DREAM OF USING ANYTHING ELSE. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great product, I use it all the time on our white socks and I know the counters are clean when I disinfect with them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are the best wipes for your money. They are easy to use and even the container can be reused for storage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just love clorox. It gets the job done every time I clean. I clean alot. Would love to have some coupons for the clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use Clorox wipes to clean up small mess in my kitchen and also love to use them to disinfect my bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always keep these in my kitchen and bath. They make for easy morning clean up on the way to work and when there is a lot of company in and out. They are great for quick wipe downs to help keep cold and flu germs off door knobs, faucets and counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy the Clorox wipes for my son who is in a college dorm. It is very convenient and easy to use. They are also a great value and is better than using a spray and paper towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes are great for cleaning the stove top area and also the kitchen counters. Always keep these handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love clorox products, have my home smelling good clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes because I can feel confident that I am disinfecting the yucky bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having the wipes with me at all times makes quick cleaning very easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love my wipes! Keep them handy everywhere, even the popup for quick cleanups! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these clorox wipes! They make my house clean and smell fantastic! I love that they are disinfecting to keep my family healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are awesome. I use them everyday! They leave my kitchen clean and disinfect my whole apartment. They have a clean scent are are not hazardous. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox products, really, really gets everything clean. My clothes feel like they are super clean and always feels like they are germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox bleach gets everything I have used it for sparkling white. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the disinfecting wipes! They are so fast and easy to use and I know my surfaces are clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a middle school teacher. My kids constantly write on my desks and now that it is flu season, they are constantly sneezing and coughing - leaving germs on their desks. I use Clorox wipes to clean off the pencil/pen marks as well as disinfect the desks. I love this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
All in one best product that I have ever used and economical. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it! I've recommend this product o both friends and family and even co-workers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes, keeps tables and door knobs clean of germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for cleaning everything. Fast and convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love them, easy to use having 2 bathrooms I keep one in each! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Ive used clorox bleach for years. It is the only product that i use to keep things white This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! Great general cleaning tool that's quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I clean up my bathroom, only I need is clorox wipes. It is very easy to use, just wipe it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox for quick cleaning wipe downs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. The wipes are amazing. They don't rip when clean rough surfaces. They leave everything smelling great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Kitchen Staple! I always keep a can of these in my kitchen and a second in my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Disinfects, deodorizes and clean scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoy using Clorox disinfectant wipes. They are so convenient and handy in their pop-up canister. Time saver. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes on everything! Disinfects great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love how it disinfects the house, we have 4 children and germs are brought in the house all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes! I use them daily in my kitchen and bathrooms. With small children in the house, there's always a mess or germs to clean up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome. oil ove tehoe great prodeict . please dot sto making it. love it love it love love love This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these wipe are so easy to use, especially when in a rush! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the clorox wipes when trying to wipe down door knobs, handles, chair rails counter tops, etc. ntayou family has the flu, cold, any type of sickness or illness in a hurry so that other family members are not contaminated. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I clean for a couple of seniors and using Clorox Wipes makes it easier on me and disinfects at the same time. They are the only wipes that I have found that don't leave a film. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I appreciate the lemon smell. It is not overpowering like most cleaning products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Clorox brand for over 25 years. I know that my home is safe and clean for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the smell and the convenience of it. i keep it in my bathroom, kitchen and car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love that its easy to clean and disinfect in one cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love wipes!!! So Easy and Convenient. Grab and Go!!! Not to mention the wipes smell so yummy and clean. Leaves a good clean smell around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is one product i must have for cleaning!!!!! Works better than any other cleaning spray i have used This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use clorox products in my home for all cleaning needs and disinfecting purposes, Clorox has been a household name in my family for years This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are very good. I use the bleach, wipes, bathroom and kitchen cleaner, and the stain remover. I have been using Clorox products for years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product for almost everything. Being that I move a lot due to my job, and these wipes are so convenient with cleaning . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome and easy to use. i like that they are disposable. don't have to worry about washing anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the best cleaner ever created.I don't use anything else! LOL This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I cant say enough about Clorox products, I just absolutely love them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Nothing is easier than grabbing a Clorox towel and wiping off anything from grape juice to stuck on grease, Makes easy quick work out of tough jobs! Love them !! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love them using these on an everyday basis in kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My favorite all time wipes. I need them in the kitchen and the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the most convenient way for me to clean and disinfect my counters This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the clorox wipes. Great for cleaning messes made in caacrs and on the go This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to keep these on hand for a quick cleanup in our kid's bathrooms. They are great to tidy up the sink and vanity. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I find this product to be both easy to use and a good product for disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorex products, they make my house smell clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Makes cleaning easy with no stress! Smells good and leaves thing clean! Highly used product in my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE the disinfecting wipes, especially with 3 young boys and a husband!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE Clorox Wipes! They make cleaning up after my 2 little ones quick and easy. I love that they disinfect to keep our home clean and germ free. I have tried other wipes and they left a residue on the surfaces, so it never felt CLEAN. Clorox Wipes don't leave a residue. THANK YOU CLOROX! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these wipes. They are so easy to use and make clean up for this mom a much less daunting task. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great products! i enjoyed each product and use them everyday. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love all Clorox products! I love knowing everything is clean and no germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
One of favorites, I always have one in my car, at work, bathroom, kitchen and my bedroom. This product is a must when you have lots of little ones around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With Flu season in full force, I enjoy having the clorox wipes on hand to assist in disinfecting any nasty bugs that make their way home. They are the flu go to favorite in my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like them because i have always trusted this brand. This is the same brand that my mother used This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like clorox because it cleans as well as disinfects and smells clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are good to have in the kitchen to wipe the sink. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes! I use them in the kitchen and in the bathroom...I know everything I use them on is clean and disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always been a Clorox fan, especially since I got married and am now a mom-to-be. It will definitely come in handy for messy spills and stains! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product in our kitchen, bathrooms, and our travel trailer. It is convenient to use, cleans and disinfects, and whitens the counter tops and grout. I keep a container in each bathroom, the kitchen, and one in the RV to make using it even more convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a huge fan of Clorox. I love the wipes and how easy they are to clean up messes quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I trust Clorox Brand cleaning products to clean, brighten and disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the clorox toilet cleaner cause it clings to the sides and gets all the grime off every single time!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a container of wipes in every room of my house.. They are great for disinfecting with pets, children, and everyday messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes makes cleaning spills easy, disinfecting especially this time of the year a breeze. I use them every where. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the results of Clorox and it cleans my bathroom Kitchen!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Had a cold for a couple of weeks. It was so nice to be able to use wipes for disinfecting my home. They are easy to use and smell nice too. Luv this product. If you haven't tried it, you must, you won't be disappointed. A must have in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A must have during the cold and flu season when you have school aged grandchildren. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For years, I've kept Clorox wipes in my kitchen and bathroom at home, but I recently started keeping a canister in my desk at work. They're great for quickly disinfecting the phone, keyboard, door knobs....even pens. Once I realized how infrequently the cleaning staff cleans our desks, and how often I eat lunch at my desk, I realized I needed to take matters into my own hands. I now give everything a quick wipe down at least once a day.....even more often during cold and flu season. I really like the lemon scented wipes for this task- they smell clean without smelling too much like a cleaning product. I highly recommend grabbing a few canisters to keep at work, in the car, and of course in the kitchen and bath as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really have enjoyed this product. I use it on my daughters toys as well as many household surfaces. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy way to disinfect! I have a big family and they come with big messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
There are so many reasons I love Clorox wipes. They are easy/convenient and great for almost anything. Especially when I'm washing/cooking chicken, I use these to wipe down my countertops.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great product. It cleans and disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really love the wipes they smell good and are so convinent. I Love it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these everyday. with 2 small children messes happen fast and these wipes are perfect for quickly cleaning my counters, sink, stove, and doorknobs. each wipe gets m really far which is m favorite part. it doesn't take a bunch of them to clean my counters or stove. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product!!! i would recommend this to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Best wipes to use for quick cleaning jobs! Much more durable than alternative brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are very easy to use for quick cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these! I use the everyday and would recommend these for everyone to buy
I love clorox and I feel it helps me to keep my house in control of germs! I would not switch to another product.
I love the smell of lemon... it leaves my room fresh and clean
I love Clorox wipes, especially during cold and flu season. They are so convenient.
I wipe down my child's toys every night. I know using my trusty Clorox wipes each toys is clean and safe for my baby to play with. I love the smell too! I clean my kitchen counters, bathroom, door knobs and everything else! I LOVE LOVE LOVE these wipes!
I like the fact that you can clean so many things with this product. But most of all that i can keep all of my unborn sons things cleaned with it as well. I will be buying lots of these!
this product is so easy to use just open and use on all of your hard tables and chairs when ever you go out.
Love this product because it's a quick and easy way to clean and disinfect the counter tops
I can't buy any other brand because I'm addicted to this smell!
I love these wipes I just used them to clean the whole house, now the house is clean and smells great to.
Clorox disinfecting wipes work great! Easy to use, disinfects and kills germs, and cleans all at the same time! Love them!
I use to clean my kids bathroom which get dirty fast with three kids. It was the quickest cleaning tool when I was potty training my son.
I use this for everything especially for clean up after kids and pets! I purchase this regularly!
I love the fact that I can grab a wipe clean my counters tops and throw it away. The scent it leaves behind makes me feel good about how clean mu space is.
Love to use this product when it's cleaning time. It gets the job done and leaves a lovely smell.
I can not begin to live without this product in my life. I use it on a daily basis for cleaning in the kitchen and bathroom. I am so glad that you have such a variety of products to choose from, to make life easier for me. Thanks again.
Clorox wipes are so convenient for quick clean ups but that doesn't mean they aren't powerful! With the Clorox name you know you can depend on these wipes to clean up messes big and small and kill household germs, too. I use them every day in the kitchen and in the bathroom to stay on top of messes. They are also great for quickly and easily disinfecting door handles, light switches, telephones, etc. I use them just about everywhere in my house. Plus, the lemon scent is pleasant and clean smelling, not harsh. I can't say enough nice things about Clorox wipes! You will also find multiple tubs of them throughout my house.
Love this product great for big and small messes. I know it will get the job done.
With the flu season upon us...we need all the help we can get. We keep CLOROX wipes in all our bathrooms and our kitchen...it's easy to clean up and keep clean with disposable CLOROX wipes !
Very good product and very convenient to use. Works great too.
great product for grabbing and wiping in any bathroom and is very easy to clean when children make a mess
We go through Clorox wipes like crazy!!! I have a canister in each of our 3 bathrooms at all times. I also keep travel packs in our vehicle and 1 in my purse. I always keep a canister or 2 under the kitchen sink. Sometimes I have to go look for the one under the sink because my 16 yr old son uses them to keep his tennis shoes clean: ) We couldn't live without Clorox wipes. Thank you for a great product
These are a necessity with 4 kids. I don't know how I got along before them.
I love the smell. Love the fact that it has a pop up lid to where I can easily get my wipes. And the obvious it rids germs!
I love the convience these wipes provide. They are great to use on the toilet sink, I buy them in the multi packs share with my dad!
for everyday messes easy and quick i use it on the counter in the kitchen, bathroom, wipe everything that we touch i have it in my hand every second, any little mess is easy to clean love the smell
i love these,i use them all the time! They are great for disinfecting and cleaning.
i use these wipes everyday all over the house, in every room and they work great on every kind of surface. they are very convienent when in a hurry to clean or when an unexpected mess shows up with kids or two dogs.
these wipes are these best at cleaning when you have a large house or a small house to clean they are safe around kids and they get rid of 99 of all household germs , i think they are the best yet no other will ever bet clorox products!
I teach kindergarten. I wipe the tables everyday to clean germs and help keep kid healthy. It must be working...we have few absences! Thanks, clorox!
I love these wipes and the fresh lemon smell! These are a must in my house at all times. Great for clean up in all rooms in the house.
I love these clorox wipes. I use them on everything. They clean thing very good and it leaves the room smelling clean and fresh.
There is no better product than this!!!!! The only effective product on the market!! Use on a daily basis!
This is fantastic product - just pull a wipe and you can clean almost any surface - fantastic for the cold and flu season especially!!
Great product when you have small children. Works great to clean out lunch boxes.
disinfecting wipes make cleanup a breeze. smells fresh and clean, and disinfects all in one swipe... love it
love it!!! this is the most amazing product ever and the smell is great have to have it
It works. They clean up any mess.... any. My cat doodies on the floor constantly and this really works to get up those nasty messes! I must say I am a fan of this product's doodie handling capabilities.
I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes all the time in my home and at work. The wipes are convenient and have a great smell. After using the product, I am confident that the surface I cleaned is disinfected and sanitized. Thank you for a wonderful product.
I use this every time I clean my kitchen. I KNOW my kitchen is clean after I use these. Plus, it smells so fresh and clean!
I love these wipes. They are easy and convenient to use and I know wherever I use them, I don't ave to worry about germs.
Cleans and disinfects while leaving behind a lemon fresh smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes throughout my entire house. I love that I can grab a single wipe and disinfect the bathroom sink and then wipe down the floor in the bath with the same wipe. It's effective in getting rid of germs and efficient, meaning one canister goes a long way.
I use these EVERYWHERE! they are great! would highly recommend!
I LOVE YOUR PRODUCT, WITH A FAMILY OF WE WASH CLOTHES ALL THE TIME AND WE ARE ALWAYS USING YOUR CLOROX BLEACH! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR A GREAT PRODUCT!!!
I am in love with this product! I keep this product at home, work, and in the car! It is a must have!
Clorox wipes are perfect for those small spills and clean-up jobs. I keep a canister in the kitchen and every bathroom. Love um!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product tells your team members you care by cleaning surfaces to prevent spreading germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product throughout my house. I like it a lot because its very handy and useful in the bathroom and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I work in a call center and germs are EVERYWHERE! We share desks, headphones, pens you name it. I keeps clorox in my desk and encourage everyone around me to use it to help keep down on the ick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep the to go packs in my diaper bag to disinfect everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox it's a staple for all of my cleaning needs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are great in the van where a bucket, soap and water aren't always handy for little clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are my absolute favorite tool for quick bathroom cleaning. Wiping down faucets, counters, handles, the toilet seat, EVERYTHING, with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes equals easy clean ups!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox its a good product. Recommended product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are awesome! Every room of the house needs a pack for spills! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I run an in home daycare and I use these wipes faithfully to cut down on the germs and keep things disinfected and clean for the kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes are in both bathrooms, the kitchen and laundry room of my house. We even keep a container in each car for 'just-in-case' moments. You never know when something yucky is going to happen with kids or even just out and about. There are truly a lot of bleachable moments in life and it's so much easier to have something to make that an everyday convenience. Thank you, Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE Clorox and I use it daily at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes allow me to make sure my surfaces are disinfected and it smells fresh too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these due to the ease of use. I can just pull one out of the container and clean away. From counter tops to base boards!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these at work to clean off my desk surfaces from students' germs, even though I am happy to have them come see me in my office! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are so easy to use. I actually don't mind cleaning as much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using this product. I have 2 kids and I use clorox in everyway This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes! With three kids, we have a lot of messes and a lot of germs going around. I know that it will all be taken care of with the Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox cleaning products. They are a must have cleaning item in our house during cold season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is absolutely amazing. Love Love Love it especially in the kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love this product!! Goes with me everywhere because I can use them anywhere! I've even gotten my mother and siblings hooked because with the germs out there you can never be too safe! Thanks for a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The green is my FAVORITE scent. It is not too potent or chemical and really smells fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these wipes are excellent for all the messes 3 toddlers can make! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are so convenient to use anywhere. I keep them in my car, bathrooms, and kitchen. Use everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are invaluable to have available anywhere anytime. They are excellent for spills, fingerprints, dog prints, anything you want to remove. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes. They are fast and easy and I know they are cleaning by counters and every other surface I use them on. I keep a canister in each bathroom and my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My house feels so clean after using Clorox wipes! I use them everywhere-kitchen, bathroom, and the living room! Especially around this time of year when it is flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
make it easy to keep my house clean and disinfected This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My mom is wheelchair bound so we(father and sisters) use Clorox wipes everywhere and boy do they come in handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am an absolute germ phob. Especially during flu season. I love love love Clorox bleach and Clorox cleaning products. My friends typically make jokes that my floors are cleaner than the hospitals. I use Clorox in my laundry, to scrub my bathroom, in my mop bucket, in my dishwasher, in my pressure washer.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have an eight month old who is just starting to crawl and stand on his own. His little hands want to touch every surface, but with clorox wipes I don't worry. They're easy to use and I trust that I've cleaned and disinfected all the surfaces that those little hands love to explore. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! I use it in my kitchen, and my kids use regularly to clean up their eating areas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the wipes because of the convenience plus by grandson loves helping me clean so there is no mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product Smells great and disinfects all surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i have been buying these sence the first day i tried them i love them i would reccomend them to anyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very convenient for quick cleanups. Can feel more confident that television remotes, door knobs, handles, etc. are being cleaned and disinfected This review was collected as part of a promotion.
use it every cleaning day to disinfect bathrooms and kitchens, and bedrooms This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use and disinfecting, handy,great stain remover This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love. It. I will not use any other bleaching products. I am the Clorox queen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox to disinfect my kitchen and my bathroom. I know these two areas are germ free. I would recommend any clorox product to all my friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it!! Great for a quick and easy clean up. Also very durable This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I purchased these wipes for the first time several weeks ago. Previosly, I used a different brand. I swear by these now. My children still got sick even after I would wipe everything down in the home. Since the switch, none of them have been sick. I love these wipes!!! Thanks Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes. I use them for all of my cleaning needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
quick easy clean up for bathrooms and baseboards-- This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like to use the Clorox wipes! They are perfect for when I am in a hurry or just have a small mess to clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So many messes, so little time...love love love these wipes for cleaning up anything and everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I rely on these wipes to save time and to disinfect plastic mattress covers on my elderly mothers bed. They're easy to use and leave the room smelling fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely LOVE the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I use them on everything!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using it for the bathrooms and the kitchen! it is a great and strong product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the ease of using Clorox wipes. I feel confident in its cleaning and disinfecting ability. I keep them at all times! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is very refreshing and is easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient, handy, helps the kids get involved with cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these for a quick and easy disinfected batheroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i luv this product it britens my whites and disinfects my house. My daughter also lugs this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wonderful product. love to use it in the kitchen. very convenient. price is right. i would recommend it to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox spray takes stains off the counter when i am canning. I also clean remote controls with the wipes. works great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
good product. I would highly recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoy using your products. I know my kitchen is always clean after cutting up meats. Just take same and clean it away. Oh great in the bathroom too on that hard old tub ring. All around a good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these!!! I even use these to clean the floor in between mopping. Great for cleaning little hand prints off the fridge and walls. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always buy this i love this product...so easy and healthy to use around pets and children! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very handy to use in the bathroom or in the kitchen. Just grab and wipe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the Clorox wipes are very helpful specially when you have kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love these wipes in our home so convenient to wipe up everyday messes!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox wipes! Gives me the confidence of disinfection. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. They are my favorite and so easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product!! Easy to use and great with kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I could not get through cold and flu season without it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are super convenient and keep my kitchen and bath clean. They are easy to use and my kids like to clean with them also. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great for cleaning up big or small messes in a flash! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox! It always makes me feel like everything is germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the only product that I trust to disinfect my bathrooms and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
thank you very much since i learn how to clean i always use clorox... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love Clorox because it great to clean with it does all the things I need it to do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. They are great for cleaning bathroom counters, sinks, and the toilet seat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes they have been great for years! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are my go to for the kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a powerful cleaning product. You don't know clean until you use Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These products are amazing to use around the house I love using them and would suggest them to other people. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the disinfecting wipes for kitchen counters. Easy to use and cleans well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
teacher really appreciates it when I send them to school This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These make wiping down the kitchen so quick and easy and I don't have to worry about bleach splatter! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE the wipes! They are Convenient to use and clean up leaving everything smelling wonderful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
just love it esp with the new scents This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Extremely convenient and easy to use. Does a great job!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Great to use especially in the kitchen and bathroom to rid of germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are awesome I keep them in the kitchen,bathroom,babys room and the car.I use them all the time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of clorox wipes and they smell great to. I love to put them on my swiffer mop and clean the bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox wipes. they are so convenient and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very convenient for on the go disinfecting! Great product! Highly recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them daily to wipe down all surfaces during this cold and flu season This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox Wipes to clean my bathroom daily. I love them because it is really convenient to just pull the wipe out, do a quick wipe down then toss in the trash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for cleaning in the kitchen. Excellent product!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox! I use it all the time -in the kitchen, shower, bathroom, and bedroom. I need more coupons though because it is expensive however, I pay the higher price because of the quality of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
You can always cont on Clorox to cleaning everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love both the wipes and sprays. The wipes make cleaning up toddler messes easy and I feel sure the area is clean and disinfected.The sprays, I feel like I am able to get every last drop out of the bottle. I can keep it on the counter to conveniently use to clean up food prep spills This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love them, they are so easy to use! with a new puppy we are using tons!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes!!!! They are the reason we avoid the flu :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love use Clorox, all my whole life I used and I recommend it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product love the convenience of use and disinfecting properties!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox wipes, We use them on everything in our house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes for a quick and easy clean up. A few swipes and your done. I keep a tub in every room of the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to use Clorox wipes, they are easy to use and to clean up mess. I use then in every room of my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use daily great form multiple uses around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. They're great for multi-purpose use and very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just love using clorox product on all sorts of items from kitchen to shoes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products because they disinfect and deodorizes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love Clorox Disinfecting wipes for everyday use. We always buy a few canisters at a time and send them to school with our kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes they clean well, but don't smell like chemicals. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have 2 boys that are potty training - these are easy enough for them to clean up after themselves when accidents happen to make a large mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product really works. I love the convenience of the wipes and it smells great. With three small kids, cleaning is faster and easier with clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product works well and is fairly inexpensive, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to clean with wipes. With kids, they make my job go faster. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes, I bought other brand but those leave marks.. never again! Clorox cleans This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Products like this make it easy for me to clean up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes can't go without them they really helps keep down germs I love Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always trust clorox wipes and here is why. When my son was a baby he got a very bad stomach virus to the point of almost being hospitalized for dehydration. I began to wipe is crib and everything that came in contact with down every couple of hours for the next 24 hr. What ever the stomach bug was passed and my other 2 babies nor my husband and I never caught it. The dr said it was a terrible bug that entire families were catching but with the help of clorox and some infection control no one else caught it. I always trust clorox because you don't want to see you babies suffer with anything that can be prevented. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are super easy and handy to use for any mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox. Keeps my house smelling clean and helps sanitize. so convienent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes! It makes it so easy to clean up messes! I also use it as a stain remover on my microfiber couch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product is the best product that Clorox has created it is very convenient, and very easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this! Leaves a nice citrus smell and cleaning results can't be beat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I could not live without Clorox Wipes. I clean everything with them. they are much more convienient and healthy than a dish rag or sponge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use wipes daily. Anything from wiping down counter tops to cleaning messes from feral cats! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE THESE BECAUSE I AM IN SITUATIONS WITHOUT WATER This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I trust the Clorox line of products. Love the wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great trusted brand I know I can depend on! I know my house will be clean and help protect from children from germs when I use the disinfecting wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product really gets the job done. It kills the germs and gets things in the house clean. Even our schools prefer these wipes when asking for supplies. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Even if it's just a quick wipe down of a sink or believe it or not using a couple for a mopping of a bathroom floor these are great to use. Very easy and sometimes can be cheap with the right deal. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! I use these in my daily light cleaning as well as my deep cleaning. Very convenient to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Best invention have them in the kitchen and every bathroom and use at my work station at work This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes have so many uses around the house. Whether it's in my kitchen, laundry room, bathroom or even car, I trust Clorox to clean and disinfect dirty areas. Love this product and continue to purchase over and over again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tis product is beyond amazing and I will continue to purchase and recommend This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are so easy to use very handy. I use them to disinfect all of the door handles, knobs, faucets, toilet surfaces, even my cell phone! I rarely get sick, always recommend them to family members who have children. They work great!! Thank you, Adriana This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are very convenient and i use them a lot at work. Kills germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep a container in my kitchen and bathroom and I use them all of the time. Fast and easy clean up and they smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes they are so easy to use and great for cleaning! I keep them in my car for spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
couldn't live without them! a must have with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox disinfecting wipes, especially during this crazy flu season, it really eases my mind knowing I can easily disinfect every surface in my house. Aside from trying to eliminate germs, I love wiping my counters down after handling raw meat, even if it doesn't visibly get on the counter, still eases my mind to wipe them down and eliminate any bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This one's smell is more appealing to me than the lemon. But it cleans just as easily! :D This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox wipes. i always use them to clean up. thanks so much This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes and spray I use them both in my kitchem and bathroom, they help keep germs at bay and are a breeze to use, no sticky residue and no harmful smells... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes because they are so convenient cleaning up after my kids. I know that the wipes keep away the germs and clean up messes wonderfully! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are inexpensive and cleans very well especially small spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes for cleaning my counters and my babies toys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome. CLeans and smells great. Love the fact that I can take it anywhere. I use it in my car and so on. I even use it on the litter box. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product! I'm a very busy mom of 6 children. Having these wipes on hand really help clean up the worst messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product comes in handy even when on the go. I have a container in my car all the time and doesn't dry out even with the Texas heat This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My family loves these, especially when we are on vacation. They are easy to pack and we can wipe everything down when we first get into our beach house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very easy and convenient. Bad season for sicknesses. Use daily. I use every where. Kitchen, bathroom, door knobs and walls. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a barbershop owner and these wipes are convenient for disinfecting seats in between clients as well as our stations. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! Being a college student the disinfectent wipes are so easy to use and when a roommate gets sick it stops the spread of the germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these every day to wipe down the rest room. excellent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Its powerful cleaning and deodorizes. Great stain remover. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use the Clorox wipes. Very easy to just grab and wipe. I always have them handy in the washroom, laundry room and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes to clean the kitchen, bathroom, and pretty much every room in the house. They have a wonderful scent, which you wouldn't expect from such a powerful disinfectant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is an easy and effective product. The only negative is that I would prefer a more green or Organic product of equivalent effectiveness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i work at a vet hospital, and we use these wipes like crazy! having to deal with the public AND animal diseases, it's great to have something easy and not too overpowering to clean up those messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox product help make my Saturday cleaning easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
awesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesomeawesome awesome This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox products have used them all my life its the one product i know i can depend on to disinfect and clean my home with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE this product, especially since i have toddlers! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience, ease of use and the smell of this product. I keep them in stock in the bathroom and kitchen at all times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This wipes are amazing and I use them on everything: door knobs, remotes, light switches, cabinet handles, appliance handles, phones, computer mouse and the list goes on and one. Great product1 This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product and how it cleans so well. I would defintely recommend it to others and continue to use it myself. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product!! If you haven't use it, I would definitely recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes. Prefer to use them all the time, easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Like I said, doesn't streak and gets the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox works great it is the best product. I can never get tired of it. I use it constantly in my bathrooms, kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these disinfecting wipes! They are great for a quick clean up and I bring them when I travel to disinfect!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes! I use them for everything. They just always seem to clean, deodorize and disinfect every surface I use them on (better than any other brand that I have tried). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Much better than any comparable bargain brand, these wipes are truly worth the money!! Effectively clean with one sweep. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it is a great buy and I would recommend it to everyone
OKAY, I WAS SO HAPPY WITH OTHER WIPES, I THOUGHT I WOULD GIVE THESE A TOTAL WORK OUT. FROM MY LAUNDRY ROOM TO THE AREA NEAR TWO LITTER BOXES,AND MORE. IAM PLACING THEM EVERYWHERE THAT NEEDS A TOUCH UP, OR ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN.(I HAVE TWO TEENAGE BOYS) I HAVE TRUSTED THIS BRAND SINCE MY MOM TOLD ME NEVER TO USE ANYTHING ELSE.(SHE WAS RIGHT) YOU HAVE A LOYAL AND DECIATED CONSUMER.
ever since i stared using clorox wipes...i got stuck using them for alot of things. i had tried other brands, but i feel more trusted with clorox wipes just because of the results.
love them for the bathroom for quick cleanups in between cleanings
I like to use Clorox in my house. It smells nice and cleans good and fast. Not long ago I tried wipes from another company, but they smelled bad and my hands had this smell for a while. I came back to Clorox.
I use this just about everywhere in my home and I love that it is not an overwhelming smell and know that when I use it that everything is clean and free of germs. From the garbage cans, to the bathroom, to the basement , to the kitchen, I can use it everywhere.
I use these all the time for quick and fast clean ups and even detailed cleanings :) Love it!
i use it to clean almost everything we touch in my house.
i like to use the wipes everywhere. i love disinfectin WIPES!!!!
I love this product because I can easily keep it in reach to clean up a mess quickly. I keep them in my bathroom, kitchen and laundry room. Sometimes they end up in other rooms too. Gets the job done and smells great.
I use this to keep my kitchen counters clean daily. I also use this on all of my son's remote controls and gaming systems and accesories. I also use this to keep his wheelchair disinfected! Love them!!!
Love how easy these are and they leave my house smelling great!
I love Clorox Wipes because they make sanitizing your household quick and easy.
Your Clorox disinfecting wipes work excellently. One side is rough the other smooth. They pull out tear much easier, compared to other similar brands.
I have this product at home to wipe just about every surface. We have it at work on the desks too. I wear a uniform and if I spill something on my shirt I use one of the wipes to get the spot out until I can wash it.
I have a 3 year old daughter, 1 dog and 3 cats. This product has helped in every occasion. Always on the go, I need to have cleaning tools that are fast, effective, and safe.
With 4 kids, having something quick and easy that disenfects is essential. My kids use these as well as they help clean up!
I use this product EVERYDAY! Works great and the smell isn't too strong.
I have never used another product that works as good as clorox disinfecting wipes. Not only do they kill the bacteria and other germs, but it also smells clean. I use them in every room of the house.
Love this product can wipe down my entire bathroom in minutes! Great after one of the kids has a cold and germs are spreading around the house. My son is potty training and they are especially helpful to clean up his accidents that are left behind.
fast and easy to use! i feel like my home is clean !
I use this product almost daily and I love it! It cleans well and leaves the room smelling wonderful!
I keep Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in every room of my house. They are easy to use and effective against germs and dirt.
Each day I use the wipes to wipe down heavy traffic areas like the bathroom.I feel my house is clean and refreshed daily. I also use the wipes in my classroom to keep the desks and tabletops clean and germ free.
I love that these are so quick and easy! I grab one, wipe away the germs and then pitch it in the garbage!! And I know that it is clean!!! Thanks Clorox!!
I use Clorox wipes ALL the time on everything! I love the smell and that they kill bacteria! I always have them on hand and if I don't I feel lost.
I have them in my home, in my car, at work, hotels, and even other peoples homes! It makes me feel secure and the cleaning is outstanding. I love the smell, fresh and clean!
Love these! They are awesome for a quick clean up!
I use clorox wipes all over in the kitchen and bath. I clean the countertops in the kitchen before and after prepping food. I love the smell and they swipe and feel better against my bare hands than the other product.
I use the clorox wipes for everything that has a surface in the kitchen and bath. It leaves everything smelling fresh and clean. Clorox bleach has been my favorite for many years it has so many different purposes.
Although I use regular clorox liquid for EVERYTHING I keep these handy for a quick grab and disinfect - can't carry my clorox bottle everywhere!!
Being a working mom, it is eimportant to have a product that you can use with little clean up to clean. All you have to do is pull one out and wipe down pracitcally EVERYTHING. Dont even need to wipe after. Love the conveniience of this product..
I actually enjoy cleaning up with these wipes. They have a wonderful fragrance to them and still get the job done!
These wipes are so easy to use. My children can help me clean by using these. They leave the bathroom and surfaces clean and germ free.
This product is quick, easy and cleans very well. I love just having one canister to carry room to room to clean.
These smell so clean and work so well on everything!
GREAT PRODUCT , CONVENIENT FOR EVERYDAY USE! BETTER THAN THE OTHER BRAND
I've been using this for about 2yrs now, it's really a great product, very effective.
I love Clorox product!! help me to keep the house clean and germs out of the home .
I LOVE this product!! I use it in my home as well as my classroom
This product is a life saver. They are so conveinient to use and clean up germs and messes in seconds. I always have them on hand. I like to use them to clean all surfaces, especially when my kids are sick for extra peace of mind.
it is easy and convenient to use. good for quick clean up and disinfecting door knobs and desks.
I carry a pack in my car , gym bag. germs are everywhere . I take them and clean up before we go anywhere. they are great for shopping carts. taking the kids to a restaurant, I clean down my table and chairs first. then we know the are clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So handy to have this in the bathroom cabinet. I can do quick and easy cleaning whenever I see the need, and with teenaged boys trooping through the house there is frequently a need! Before guests arrive I can quickly clean up and make the bathrooms pleasant and presentable. I like that the wipes disinfect. The fresh scent is pleasant too.
absolutely love these wipes i work in a call center and use them to clean my work station the lemon smell is so refreshing!!!! love using these and would def recommend to others.
Smells great and does the job. I use it all over the house.
I LOVE THESE WIPES!!! THEY SAVE ME TIME AND MONEY. I USE THEM AT HOME AND AT WORK!
Very easy to use. No need to use paper towel and spray to clean. Just pick up a wipe and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
One of the best features of the Clorox wipes, is the convenience of using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product to use with a toddle around and the messes he creates. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes every day. Living in a house with four kids under 11 there are plenty of messes. These wipes are quick and convenient for the messes of everyday life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a massage therapist, I use these wipes to clean my table, chair, door knobs, etc. after each client. These wipes are extremely convenient for disinfecting! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it is a great products. i use it daily to clean my house. yes i would highly recommend this product to a friend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love Clorox disinfecting wipes for cleaning up those little messes. They are easy to use and disinfect. We keep them in every room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very very good there is nothing better to disinfect that clorox are better from small. I always use and I will continue using thankkkkkkkk This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love the clorox wipes very easy to use and smells wonderful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes to sanitize and deodorize EVERYTHING!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Let's face it...if you have pets and kids...you've got A LOT of germs flying around your house, This is a the quick and easy way to disinfect your entire space! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I get peace of mind knowing my household surfaces are disinfected using clorox products. My favorite go to are the clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox! I use it everyday to clean my house. I would definitely recommend to other people I know! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love it!!! It makes your whole house smell good and you know its clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of the wipes to disinfect after preparing dinner. Or in the bathroom to make sure germs do not spread. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes when I'm too busy to clean the old-fashioned way! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My son is in college and they seem to get sick a lot. We started using the Clorox wipes in his dorm room and he's one of the few that hasn't been sick since. Not only do they clean but the also keep people healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Every single time infuse it it just fell like my house is 100 clean! Smells great and no germs! Specially os important becAuse i have little kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a total fan of Clorox. I think the name is a strong leader in the cleaning arena and I trust that it will do what it says it will do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love this product. Easy to use, works great and I feel confident it has disinfected all germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes when I need a quick disinfecting clean. I have a bottle in each bathroom, laundry room and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
AWESOME PRODUCT..DEFINATELY A MUST HAVE IN MY HOUSEHOLD This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutly love your product. I use clorox wipes to wiipe down everything in my house all of the time. Great way to clean while killing germs at the same time. I always have them on hand at my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always used Clorox products as a way to get rid of harmful germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE CLOROX WIPES! I USE THEM TO CLEAN ALMOST EVERYTHING IN MY HOUSE: KITCHEN, BATHROOM, FLOORS, TABLES, FURNITURE. I FEEL THAT THEY REMOVE ANY GERMS AND LEAVE MY HOUSE SMELLING GOOD TOO! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love just being able to quickly clean my bathroom counters and kitchen counters with the Clorox wipes! I know Clorox disinfects and I feel confident my house is clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
From cleaning kitchen counters to doorknobs to bathrooms, this does it all. Leaves surfaces spotless, beautiful, and smelling great. I wouldn't recommend any other brand. For a quick, easy, sparkling clean Clorox wipes are the way to go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! They are such a help in the kitchen and bathroom. Also, with everyday spills. I use them in my classroom all the time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all Clorox products, especially the wipes I have 4 little ones and its very convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. These are the best I have ever used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the clorox wipes. They are easy for my boys to use and i have four boys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So greeat! I also love the smell of these wipes- nice and lemony instead of the Lysol disenfectent smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them at work all the time! I work in a Service Garage for a City and I am always wiping down my desk, phone, and everything with Clorax wipes. I would be lost without them.
Makes cleaning up after kids in kitchen and bathrooms easy!!
I've tried other brands, and they do not hold up like Clorox brand. It always gets the job done the first time. Thanks!
These wipes are super convenient. A great thickness. Cleans the surface well and leaves a great smelling scent.
I really like the way it works on cleaning the kitchen and bathrooms...
I LOVE, LOVE , LOVE disinfecting wipes. They are great for that quick clean up. I use them all over the house. Love the scent also!
It's so easy to clean with these wipes! They makes me whistle while I work:-) The scent is amazing as well.
I love this product it keeps nice clean, specially when you have kids
I loove love love these wipes! They hold up on everything!
I love this to clean up and keep things disinfected. I also like the lemon smell.
I keep this around to clean and disinfect the kitchen and the bathroom.
My kindergarten Sunday School students help me clean up with Clorox Wipes every Sunday. I love that it does such a great job killing germs while being safe enough for young children to use.
This product is wonderful, I use these all over my home and even get my husband to too:)
So convenience and easy for a busy mom like me. These wipes are just enough to get the job done. I keep a container in my car, work, and at home. They are just the handiest things. I love them!!!
Love it! Makes cleaning the kitchen and bathroom so much easier!
Clorox wipes are handy to have around for quick clean-ups if you know someone is stopping by... I just run around the bathrooms and the kitchen and in five minutes everything is sparkling. I always have some in my closet.
I love this product for doing everyday chores and for quick wipe ups! Always under my sink
My kitchen counters shine when I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes and I have confidence that they are clean. Also, I was pleasantly surprised that they also make my faucets sparkle!
I have tons of people in and out of my office all day long. I use these wipes several times a day to ward off germs and to stay healthly durning the year. Love them!!!!
Clorox disinfecting wipes are fantastic. They are quick and easy to use, make me and my family feel safe, and leave my kitchen smelling great and looking fresh and clean.
I can not tell you how many times I have wiped up a mess...Only to come back and whipe them with Clorox for a better smelling clean and knowing it is Disinfecting Clean. Thank You For all you all do.
I love the Clorox wipes and use them all around the house. I trust this product will keep buying it.
I just love this product it smells great , cleans and disinfects we,ll I have tried other products but always come back to Clorox wipes
Since I started potty training with my 2 year old twin I am glad to have the convience of a disinfecting clean after BMs. Clorox wipes are the only thing I trust and reach for.
We donated these to our daughters classroom and the teacher uses them on the desks after school is over. It has worked great in getting rid of the germs that had been making the kids sick.
I love these things. I use them everyday. They keep my house clean and they are convent and ready when I need them.
I use Clorox wipes for everything! I travel with the wipes for hotel bathrooms. I clean with the wipes. I will forever be a customer!
I love the way this makes our bathrooms smell fresh, but most of all I know they are clean and germ free!!!! I like knowing that once i wipe down everything its clean and i throw away the wipe and all is done!
I love to use the Clorox wipes for my kitchen, bathrooms and I also use it to clean my little guys tray on his stroller.
I just love this product. It is so handy. I use it all the time in the kitchen. Wipe and throw away.
i have 3 kids and 4 pets so germs are always on my radar. These are quick and sooo easy to use. Counters,doorknobs and the phones especially this time of the year when everyone seems to be getting sick. I don't use anything else. Thanks CLOROX!!!!!
I use these wipes mostly to clean my bathroom. They work well when wiping down the toilet and sink fixtures as well as the side of the tub.
I like it very much, and use it everyday. it is used in kitchen and bathroom and even for baby
I like using it for everything especially in the kitchen and bathroom.
I love clorox wipes( Fresh scent) and use them to clean everyday. I like how they clean and don't have an over- powering smell. And it seems like my kids haven't gotten sick as often since I have started using them.
with good smell and be gentle, I use for my baby and the kitchen and the bathroom.
they are the only product i use they are great for the bathroom, kitchen and anywhere that needs to be cleaned
I have used Clorox wipes since they hit the market. I will not use any other brand or off brand. Nothing stands up to the name.
I have to say...1 on the list for using at work would be the incredible disinfecting qualities...When working with a group of people and someone has signs of sickness coming on sneezing, coughing etc. we wipe down keyboards, desktops, kitchen area, door nobs...you name it. not only is it disinfecting but leaves a clean fresh scent...Thanks Clorox )
Love how this disinfecting wipe can be very multipurpose from cleaning countertop to the bathroom. Wiping away crumbs from a table to disinfecting your child's toy. Love this product.
I absolutely love this product. its convenient disinfects and easy to use. Its great for all the big messes and spills. I recommend this product to anyone.
So convenient and easy to use. I use them in bathrooms and kitchen almost daily! I love Clorox wipes!
I love Clorox wipes, they clean well and are convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like Clorox products. I have been using them for over 25 years. I will definitely recommend them to my family and friends This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them for every thing before I polish any thing I wipe them with a clorox wipe because I do not just want it to shine I want the germs gone and it say's it kills 99.9 of germs why would I not use it. I want my family protected. I believe what they say I will always use clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having these on hand for when I am out and about with the kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really really like clorox wipes they are the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox it makes everything easy to clean clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love it! we use everyday to clean household germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't like to clean, but I know it has to happen. Clorox Disinfecting Wipes not only cleans but disinfects. This makes cleaning a chore no more! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product. I keep some in my kitchen and both bathrooms. Its easy to use and cleans and disinfects all in one whip. Would recommend this product to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes. The wipes are already filled with disinfectant and I just have to wipe, no need for sprays and paper towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox Wipes are so convenient for disinfecting when you have a toddler in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects and is easy to use in your kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great! I use them for everything - especially during travel (flights). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are the best for disinfecting everything,they are so convient to use,they are great,I highly reccommend them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love my clorox wipes!!! I have them at home and at work and wouldn't go without some around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are so simple to use and I use them on a daily basis. With three messy kids in the house Clorox wipes especially help me with quick clean ups! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these in the bathroom, kitchen, and just quick messes... they are great This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very useful for everything. Love the clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is the brand I trust the most when cleaning up after my 14 month old son the wipes are great for his to toys high chair and even the future. I love how clean everything smells after using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the wipes. Great for work, school, home etc. Easy to use no mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great for the kids and a quick wipe down of the counters This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like that I can use these to quickly disinfect my counter after handling meat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are so fast and easy for wiping up messes in the kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I grew up with clorox and learned earl yon in life how important is was to cleaning. Now that clorox 2 has come along my home is filled with the freshness of clorox and I know its clean also. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love clorox wipes! SO easy to use, and effective cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how the wipes disinfect everything and are easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes. Very convenient especially with a house full of kids running around making messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox wipes. They are very convenient to access and clean up messes made by my one year old. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy using clorox wipes when I travel because I can be sure that surfaces are clean and its done fast. These are especially good when I camp with my Girl Scouts. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love them!!! so easy to use know things are clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just love Clorox Disinfecting wipes! They are so convenient and easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The answer is no! With Clorox disinfecting wipes you not only get that easy feeling of the trusted name brand but you are put to ease knowing that all germs in every room (and objects) are covered. From a spill to disinfecting baby toys, Clorox is the name I trust to kill every germ in my house....and then some! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Absolutely love these wipes!!! Very easy to use and even my husband will grab them and wipe up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a good product to use if you're in a hurry. No rinsing, just wipe and go, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I know my baby's surfaces are clean when I use these! They're great for cleaning up messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Our family uses these all the time. We love them during cold and flu season to keep the germs from spreading to our whole family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox in Every Room of my house. From the bathroom to the ceiling fans in my bedroom, these wipes are awesome! The scent isn't too overpowering and they're not rough on your hands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox had been in my family for years. I grew up on Clorox. I love now how the have the wipes. Very easy to use and I am able to teach my children how to clean with wipes. Thanks Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are a must have at my house. I use these several times a day on a daily basis! They are also very kid friendly so the kids can help clean up too!! We don't go without them in my house!!
i love using anything that clorox makes because it brightens and cleans just like it is supposed to. I do not and will not use any other product. Please continue to make this product. Thanks This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox disinfecting wipes. They are super convenient to use and I like knowing that I'm killing all bacteria and viruses in the process. I use them daily and always have them on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use this product consistantly and have tried others but they are not for use on wood. It cleans most any mess, cleans up after pets, sanitizes and deoderizes. Don't ever take them away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes! They are so convenient to use and I can clean almost anything with them.. it also makes me feel better using something that disinfects considering I have a toddler This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are a quick easy way to clean and disinfect just about anything: countertops, door handles, light switches, etc. They also are great for making faucets sparkle! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox disinfecting wipes for everything! I've tried other brands of disinfecting wipes but none are as good as Clorox. I love them, and I don't know how I ever cleaned prior to them!
GREAT FOR KEY BOARDS, PHONES,CELLS,TRAY TOPS,COUNTER TOPS,COMPUTER DESKS,DOOR NOBS AND SO MUCH MORE WITH FLU SEASON OR JUST GENERAL SICKNESSES TO KEEP FROM SPREDING GEARMS. THE DOOBS MOSTLY!
I love these for quick clean up. Fast and easy while I'm cooking in the kitchen to clean as I go. Also for a 2 minutes tidy in the bathroom over the sink at night. The lemon smells great too
With the flu season upon us...we need all the help we can get. We keep CLOROX wipes in all our bathrooms and our kitchen...it's easy to clean up and keep clean with disposable CLOROX wipes !
I keep these in the kitchen and bathrooms. I love the convenience of these wipes! I take them on vacations to use as a great germ killer. They are great to use between cleanings in our home.
I use Clorox disinfecting wipes (Fresh) for several surfaces in my home and I feel confident in knowing that not only are the surfaces clean, but it also makes my home smell fresh and clean.
I use these wipes during my weekly cleaning in the bathroom, but also on other household surfaces as well. Love the scent and knowing that I'm getting rid of germs in one fast and easy step!
I LOVE this product. I buy on my weekly grocery shopping trips! I love the way it cleans. I like the way it smells. but most of all i like using this product because I know my home is clean.
I love this product. Its very easy to use and disinfects This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good and handy. easy to use, cleans and dry easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox cleaners keep my kitchen and bathrooms clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Perfect for college students to clean up quick messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox smells good and its works better than other wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products and would have it no other way This review was collected as part of a promotion.
smells awesome! Love to keep this in the kids bathrooms! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great for keeping kitchen counters clean and disinfected This review was collected as part of a promotion.
good product..disinfectant..easy to used and works really good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep Clorox wipes handy for quick cleaning. Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes. We have them in every room in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes on everything to keep the germs away This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox it's a staple for all of my cleaning needs This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fresh smell with Clorox disinfecting wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them all the time quick and easy when you have kids :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. I have been using Clorox for many years This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox wipes. It works for my busy life with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product it works so good and safe around the children This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent and convenient to use everyday...awesome disinfectant This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these at our drug screening company and swear by them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using the wipes for everything! So easy and love the smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love all Clorox products to keep my home clean and germ-free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep these in my purse to clean the handle of the shopping cart This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the wipes because they are inconvenient to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Disinfects and deodorizes. What more could you ask for Love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes everyday. They are great for a quick cleanup! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i have 3 of the messes boys ever thats why i love clorox bleach. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are convenient to use everyday and they have a fresh scent.
I use these almost everyday on just about everything. Best of the best!
This product is great to use and its great for everywhere in the house!
I think clorox wipes are a great product, I use them everytime I clean.
I love these lemon Clorox wipes I use them everyday and they are great!
I'm a teacher and wipes are so easy to use and keep germs at bay. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have 4 boys and my toilet is always dirty! I use clorox disinfecting wipes all the time to quickly and efficiently clean all around my toilet (including the floor, if necessary). Its quick, its easy and my toilet is clean again. At least until the next time one of my boys need to go to the bathroom!
I keep a bottle of these wipes in every room of my home. They are fast and easy to use and they clean up everything. I use these wipes on everything. I don't have to worry about the germs my girls bring into the house because I can wipe every surface they touch. Great product. I love these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's the best cleaning up any room bath, kitchen, wiping down walls, toys. It's safe to use around my family and convenient just throw it away when your finished. Leaving everything smelling clean and fresh!
LOVE the lemon smell how the wipes clean everything in site....
These are great! The only product I buy! I use them on everything
I love disinfecting wipes! It's so much better than using a yucky sponge... I've always used Clorox bleach for my whites, so naturally, that's the brand I trust for disinfecting my stove, countertops, sinks, walls, tables... and everything else in my house. I trust Clorox to disinfect my house. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is excellent for cleaning. I highly recommend it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. have a container in every room in the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I trust Clorox products and use them all over my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are my go-to for easy cleanup in the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Always my first pick when choosing my cleaning products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product! used it multiple times and found it working. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love all Clorox products. Keeps our family free from germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love clorox, nothing beats it when wanting to kill germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the effectiveness and the convenience of these wipes so much that I keep some in every room of the house and in my car! It's so easy to keep the kitchen and bathroom clean when these are on hand. And I know that all surfaces are not only clean but disinfected. Love the clean lemony smell also!
I have literally tried all the wipes out there and I have come to the conclusion that Clorox wipes are simply the best. They do not have an overwhelming smell like most wipes. They clean everything and make everything sparkle and when you are done, everything SMELLS clean as well as look it. Amazing.
Cleans great and smells so good! We love Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love bleach :) cleans whitens deodorizes disinfects fresh scent is not to overpowering would definitely recommend it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes do not have the strong clorax smell that you usually get with clorox bleach. My family thanks you for that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product!!!! It works so well and smells great!! I recommend that everyone uses it because it is so easy to use :D
I use these wipes on everything. Has made my chores so much easier. Works great for cleaning my air filter system that I have
I use Clorox Wipes in all areas of my home and car. No other products can match the cleaning power and smell of this product.
my son has a severe allergy to peanuts, we send nothing but clorox wipes to school for disseinfecting the desks and surfaces.
I use clorox wipes on almost everything! I love the nice smell of lemons in my kitchen it welcomes people to a clean kitchen.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are wonderful for those messes that that little ones can make anywhere! It is quick and easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products! They are a part of my daily cleaning routine. I love how they clean and also their fresh scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox helps keep the germs at bay while giving our home a long lasting clean feel. Having Clorox around makes clean up quicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the cleaning power of this product. When my grandbabies come to visit I know that everything is clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes - they do a great job disinfecting my kitchen, bathroom, dining room, den, everywhere in the house.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So convenient, I don't have to take a long time to clean up my bathroom. I just grab a wipe or 2 and go to work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product in my house everyday to clean white leather dining chairs. They always leave the chairs looking new. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wonderful products! I have two small children who are always making a mess. Clorox products save my house from disaster! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for absolutely everything. I use on door knobs, remotes, light switches. You name it, I'm wiping it with it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are basically in all of my rooms at my house they are very handy and very efficient I love these wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When choosing disinfecting wipes I always choose Clorox.This is the name I trust to et stains out anywhere in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very convenient for everyday use, to keep house clean with a quick touch up, leaves my house clean and safe for children This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the best wipes ever. Not only do i use them in my kitchen but my bathroom and all about the house. The lemon smell, smell great and it gets the job done. Thanks Clorox for putting out such an outstanding product
Clorox Wipes are the only brand I trust! Typically I am all for buying store products, but I refuse to skimp on these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. Quick, easy and ready to use anywhere in the house. Can't live without them!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are the best at keeping things clean and smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
easy to use. Leaves clean countertops and smells great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox! I couldn't imagine my household without it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely Love these wipes I use them every day all the time. My family get sick very easy and as soon as I started using clorox wipes on my surfaces in our house we seem to be getting sick alot less and my house always smells so fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have these in the kitchen, garage, bathrooms and my office - they work on everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are a great everyday cleaning product. I use them about every other day for my vanity/counter top in my bathroom. Removes any build up toothpaste marks, water marks etc. Would definitely recommend to a friend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I carry one in my car, keep one in my desk at work. Easy and convenient for spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes big time!!!! I work at an elementary school. I disinfect frequently due to colds, dirty hands and I hate to say it, but also a few nose pickings. Everything is fresh and clean when I am done.
I love these wipes! They are nice for when you're just wanting to do a quick wipe-down of the kitchen counters or bathroom sinks. Always feels and smells fresh afterwards!
GREAT INVENTION WIPES VS SPONGES .... WIPES WIN HANDS DOWN........ WILL NEVER GO BACK......
Have two kids and I always have clorox to go wipes in my purse or my truck because are easy to use and clean perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox brand for my bleaching/.disinfecting needs. Works great and leaves my house smelling clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are great for disinfecting any area. I use these wipe all door knobs, toys, kitchen counter etc. Also, great to keep in the car to wipe down everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox wipes at work as a general cleaning product and also to ward off cold flu symptoms. So far nobody in the office has gotten a cold or the flu from anyone else that's come in with one from the weekend! *knocks on wood* This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this is great for my home as well as my classroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
THIS IS A MUST! I Love Love Love CLOROX!! at all time in ALL seasons. Clorox wipes are convenient and gets the job done by disinfecting, and deodorizing. I live by Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always use clorox wipes to clean my home. whether it be a tough stain or just to sanitize my countertops. It is my go to product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes! I keep them in the car and use them for travel. They are great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product , it not only cleans but disinfects everything from cleaner tops to bathroom fixtures, i have to keep Clorox wipes in every room in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this product easy quick clean up. I use it in the bathroom and my personal bathroom. quik clean up from make up, toothpaste residue, toilet wipe down, and more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are perfect for quick use! trying to sell our home and need to quickly clean before a showing, i grab a can of these wipes for whole house fast cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are wonderful for keeping the classroom germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes. I know my counters will be disinfected and they're so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very fast and easy while at the same time convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Hi I love Clorox wipes, they make my job easier in my home and they are just the right price This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My friends love this product and suggested I try it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always loved Clorox because of its disinfecting capabilities, but the lemon wipes leave a nice smell, which is a bonus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love clorox wipes! The other leading brands leave streaks This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a three year old this make for easy cleaning and germ free areas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox products to clean my entire house. Give my house a nice smell and disinfects at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use in every room of my house, on everything from: toys, door knobs, toilets, sinks, blinds, patio tables, ect.
an amazing product cleans everything up nicely and disenfects and makes things smell nice This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are my favorite product! I cannot imagine being a teacher without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the Clorox. I put it in a spray bottle with water and begin cleaning my house. I love to smell the scented one on my clothes. when I am in the bed I love to smell my sheets when they have just been washed that same day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Talk about a multi-tasking clean-it-all. Our Clorox Disinfecting Wipes remove germs, bacteria, kitchen grease, and countless other nasties you find lurking in your home. Thats multi-surface and multi-mess, all in one wipe This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox wipes is the best thing when it comes to cleaning the bathroom. It smells so clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are amazing! Have a little spill from cooking, pull one out and wipe it up. Now it is clean and sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great wipe for a great price! I would definitely recommend you purchase these wipes. Easy clean up is also a plus. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really love the wipes. They are convenient to clean any mess. I like buying the travel size to carry in my purse to take to go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use this product because it is quick and easy to clean up spills and other messes. I keep them in my car too. will buy again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is my favorite Disinfect. I love to wash my whites and clean my bathroom. This is an awesome buy and will make a great gift for christmas to pass aroud to family members. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoy using Clorox products. I know that my home is getting clean when I use Clorox. I love the Clorox wipes the most because they are so convenient right there at my fingertips whenever I need them and I know they are killing the disease causing germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wonderful product, smells nice. I feel safe knowing my home is clean when I use these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My 14 year old son is a walking mess maker. Having the Clorox wipes around makes clean up simple, quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use this on everything with my toddler. we buy alot of second hand toys and i am always wiping them down with clorox. wouldn't use anything else! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes for everything! They're easy to use and they keep my house smelling clean and fresh This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox Wipes. They are so convenient. I can take the package with me when I stay in a hotel, to wipe down common surfaces that I'm sure housekeeping isn't disinfecting. There are so many germs and I have a compromised immune system, so I have to be careful about them. I don't want to live in a world that doesn't have Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! They are easy to use and they are very budget friendly. Will recommend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy clorox wipes because they are reliable they get the job done no matter how big or how small. I use them to wipe down everything in my house from counters to floors. They work great with getting grease up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like keeping a container of Clorox wipes in every bathroom. I feel like I can reach for one whenever I need to freshen up the bathroom surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE the Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I use them everyday in my kitchen and bathroom! They are a godsend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The can is a nice size and is easy to spray. I enjoy the lemon scent. It makes the area seem fresher. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it everyday to clean up my cooking messes in the kitchen. i love clorox wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy to use convenient these wipes are! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the disinfecting wipes because they are so affordable, powerful, and easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Clorox for a very long time, wouldn't use any other product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox products. Very useful on the go and for light and heavy duty cleaning. My favorite products to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its great and cleans everything just how i need it too. Always a winner in my kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it, I use it for everything, especially the bathrooms.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great to take with you on trips as they are handy in the car, for spills, clothes, hotel rooms, etc. Helps to remove stains and they are easy to use. Love the product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loove this poduct, don't know what I'd do without it. It's so convenient to clean up small spills, I keep a canister ready on the counter at all times!
I keep a container of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) in each of our bathrooms. It's so easy to quickly clean up each day, and know that dirt AND germs are gone.
Love to grab one and wipe off the door knobs throughout the house.
I just love the way it Cleans! I have severe arthritis for years and using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes helps make the cleaning around the house much easier and knowing it is cleaning bacteria is a plus. Thank you for providing this product!
I love these for my car. I leave them in the car with my there gear for cleaning the car in out. These wipes are great for cleaning the whole dash, leather seats, doors 7 ect. I also use them to clean the gunk off my wheels before washing. I also alternate the scents of wipes in the car for a change of pace each month.
CLOROX DISINFECTING WIPES ARE GREAT FOR THE BATHROOM. QUICK AND EASY CLEAN UP AND SMELL GREAT!
Great for my children to use in the bathroom. I know it is clean when they finish because it sparkles and smells great and Clean!!!
I only use Clorox Disinfecting wipes they work better than any other disinfecting wipes that I have tried. They make cleaning faster and easier!
An absolute necessity when you have kids (or messy husbands)!
One word...awesome. I use them everyday. Quick and easy
great product for quick cleanup and fresh need to use more often
I love the feeling that my home has a few less germs after using these products. And it smells great too!
The wipes are so easy to access. I just open the lid, pull out a wipe (with gloves on) and wipe. I use it on almost everything in my house. I also keep one in my car just in case. The wipes also smell great. I love Clorox products!!
i use this product everyday on small stuff and large cleanups. alsways gets the job done. wouldnt trade these wipes for any other brand:):)
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the only thing I use to clean bathrooms and kitchen counters. I know that they're defnitely cleaning. And I love the clean smell of the Fresh disinfecting wipes.
We keep wipes in everyroom because with kids it is reassuring that cleaning up germs is easy and it doesn't seem like a chore.
I currently work in a school system and clorox wipes help keep the germs down in my room. I wipe down tables, door handles, and toys. Thank you Clorox for helping keep my school healthy!!
This product is great easy to carry around the house to where ever I need it. Love using it on door nobs , telephones , Key board key ect. I can't be with out this product. It's helped us many of times when our family is sick and a quick clean up. thanks clorox for great wipes. I also make sure my daughter has these for her college dorm. Wouldn't want her with out them.
With 2 kids under 2, they are a staple to my everyday disinfecting!
I like the smell and the convenience of these wipes. I know that what I clean is disinfected and ready to use again.
Love the smell. Love the cleaning power. It's a fabulous product. I've tried others, but always come back to Clorox wipes!
Something that I always make is in my house at all times! Have a container on every floor!
I trust Clorox wipes to disinfect areas my bathroom and kitchen. I am susceptible to illness and it is very important to protect as much as possible against germs that cause illness. I need a disinfectant wipe that will help protect my home and feel that Clorox Wipes does the job!
love these wipes, they work wonderful. Even use these at work !
This product is a must have in my kitchen and bathrooms.
Like to use these wipes all over the house, door knobs, desk tops, etc.
The ONLY wipes that I use! Clorox is the best, hands down! They are super moist, have a soft side, and a grooved side and get the job done right! I use them on a daily basis to keep my home clean!
Great for my desk at work!! Leaves it clean and smelling fresh.
Definitely a must have in every household. It does do it job well sanitizing my house. I love that it is very convenient to use and easy to store.
Best wipes you can buy for your money. The two different sides make cleaning up tough stains easy too.
My parents always have one of these on the kitchen counter making it easy to clean and disinfect as well as having a nice smell. Sometimes they change up the scent/color, but I'd say these are the most common.
I keep a tub of Clorox wipes in every bathroom, the kitchen and laundry room of my house. It is so easy to pop the top, pull out a fresh disinfecting wipe and swipe away the days messes.
i love the wipes. quick and easy clean up with a great scent.
I use this everywhere in my home. I keep one bottle in each of my bathrooms and kitchen. Use it on my counters after cooking. I don't use any other brand then Clorox.
I will use these for wiping down kitchen counters and dining tables at the end of the day!
I love these wipes. They clean very well and they smell good.
I love this product for the bathroom! Makes cleaning the counters, sinks and outsides of the toilet so easy! Plus no gross rags to wash, just toss!
great product smells goodgreat product smells goodgreat product smells good
These wipes have awesome cleaning power. They will blast through anything and they smell awesome. Leave your home clean and fresh smelling !
Lemon Clorox Wipes smell awesome and makes everything seem clean.
With small children in the home it gets kind of busy. especially cleaning.. these wipes make it so easy and fast.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that you can just grab and go with the clorox wipes. They are handy to have in the car also. The scent makes it smell very good too!. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use and smells great. Love cleaning with these
Very convenient. ..use it on all the kids toys, easy to use and very effective. I wouldn't trust any other product for my babies. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these all over my house for cleaning up after my dirty children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes! Every time I use them I feel like I am cleaning efficiently. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With Clorox wipes you can just wipe the mess away. Even easier than using a paper towel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having these wipes on hand. They are great for any clean up. Easy to use try to always have available. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love the Clorox disinfecting wipes! They are so handy to keep around for easy clean ups in a pinch! No hassels. Just easy to clean up and throw away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used other brands of bleach wipes in the past, but none smell as good as Clorox and don't seem to ever clean as well! These are great for use int he kitchen and in the bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is my go to product. When i use Clorox, I can know without a doubt that my family will be safe from germs and any harmful bacterias. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes in my home and in my classroom at school. The quality has always been good. I also use the toilet cleaning products and have been very pleased with the outcome of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are super convenient and a great cleaning option. This is our go to product for quick cleanup of messes and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes have saved me so much time. I use then in the kitchen, common areas and where ever my pets rest their little paws. I highly recommend them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Super easy to use! Knowing it's Clorox, I know it'll clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is easy to use and a great item to carry everywhere you go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are Awesome!!! These wipes are a must have around my house and on the job. They are so easy to use that my daughter can grab one out and help me clean. At work when I get paint on my hand and can't run to the sink , I just wipe my hand with one and it removes every spec. Thanks Clorox for an awesome product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Perfect for college apartments, when you don't exactly know what your roommate sorta cleaned up This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox with everything. This product disinfects while cleaning and giving a great smell. Keep up the good work :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! It is the only thing that gets the germs off of the common areas where illness seems to get spread in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox product. My favorite product are the wipes. I keep one in my kitchen and one in my bathroom for quick cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox Wipes! They are convenient for on the go and perfect for when you have young children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always prefer Clorox products - I take their portable disinfecting wipes when I travel so I can wipe everything down when I sit down on the plane! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love Clorox whips for all my every day clean ups,so conveinent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox bleach is the best cleaner out there! When I want to know that something is clean, I can count on Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very good product i would recommended to all of my friends and family This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it ..not only when we are sick but for everyday use also This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox bleach, it always gets my whites so new looking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes! Use them at least twice a day for everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is used and trusted in my daughters classroom. great convenience for a busy teacher This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these! I am a certified germaphobe so we go through a lot of these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
as the main cleaner in my household, I love using Clorox products from the kitchen to the bathroom. everything I need to keep my house clean comes from the Clorox family! love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just purchased a new stainless steel gas stove and I had no idea the cleaning time I was going to have to put into it to keep it looking nice. Clorox wipes make cleaning up the mess much easier and is a true time saver! I don't have to worry about a spray getting into the gas nozzles, I just grab a wipe and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always love this product and off brands cannot match Clorox!!! Will always use Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is the best product for cleaning. other brands just cant get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes - keep them everywhere in my house car! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love clorox wipes. I'm a piano teacher and its the only wipe that keep my keys clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are used in our home for EVERYTHING. I hope everyone tries them out to see how great they are. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the convenience of the wipes. So easy even my kids can help me clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that I can carry with and use instantly Clorox wipes to help my family stay healthier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox Disinfecting wipes are very easy to use! Leaves a good clean smell after each use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes and the clean smell love you can do door handles table tops counter tops anything with the wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love Clorox disinfecting wipes. With three pets and our second baby on the way, we love the convenience and quality of Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Products! Yes i would recommend these products to friends! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This products are versatile and easy to use. And they smell good! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use these wipes in our cleaning business. Leaves the surfaces clean, disinfected, and smelling fabulous!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i like Clorox wipes I use it to clean my kids toys and to wipe down my kitchen tops. I also use it to clean my bathroom it cleans it and make it smell good This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think they are very convenient and keeps my home clean and I use them all the time,. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to carry clorox products in my purse to have easy access to antibacterial wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only use this product, I only trust clorox for cleaning my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these all the time with two kids and a busy life, these are a life saver! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how it brightens my whites and disinfect my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My husband and I use clorox disinfecting wipes all the time with our newborn baby. We love knowing that the wipes kill all those nasty viruses! Would recommend them to all new parents! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use fast and easy way to disinfect children toys This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the house always smells so clean after i clean up with clorox wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE Clorox Disinfecting wipes! They make cleaning so much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes and fully trust that they will disinfect whatever I am cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this brand of cleaning wipes. Great for the bathroom, kitchen, disinfect light switches, door knobs, handles, and so much more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The convenience is great! I don't have to worry about something being disinfected. All you do is wipe and go. I keep them in almost every room of my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
best products ever, i would recomende to use in your daily house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love lemon wipes i would recommend them to everyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product and does a fantastic job for counters and floors! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox because it kills germs and helps keep us healthy I also love how it whitens my laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use for everything even clean the bottom of my son's wrestling shoes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all the products I can use to clean up my toddler's messes!! They work great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With two little ones running around the house, I am always cleaning up something. Clorox products are a big help! I use the Clorox wipes multiple times a day, from wiping up after meals, cleaning spilt milk, or just wiping down counters when i have a chance. They make cleaning up so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love every Clorox product that I try! It's a brand I trust completely. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are my favorite cleaning tools. I am always well stocked up on these. So convenient. And smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have Clorox wipes on every floor of our house and bathroom. They are easy to use, especially for my 10 year old son so that he is able to pitch in around the house with cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love love this product, its easy practical and can basically use it anywhere!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
we have little kids, love the wipes because it's easy to use and it works, eliminates the germs is the best part! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for my car. It really helps with kids around This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The ONLY products I will ever use and I've tried Many competitors products that claim to be better! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox products. Never have to worry about not getting things clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love everything that clorox offers. great products! Monicapr rock hill, sc This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product everyday at home and in the classroom. These wipes are purfect for cleaning up after children. Whether it's after brushing their teeth or markers on the table tops Clorox wipes can handle it all.
i love to clean my house with clorox it have the house smelling fresh and clean and kills germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are easy to use, quickly cleans up the messiest of messes. I will be a customer for life This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A GREAT ALL, MULTI USE PRODUCT, USE IT FOR EVERYTHING MANY USES!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For as long as I can remember there has alwyas been a form of Clorox in the kitchen. The wipes are one of our family's favorite products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are great for the car to clean off the steering wheel and keep it sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy these are to use on the go. I keep them in my car at all times to quickly clean up messes on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it to clean after my two small pets and I love it!!! No smell business left behind :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is the best cleaner ever. Your house is not disinfected until you have used Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love them! Work really great ! I will use over and over again This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes because they are so easy to use and can clean almost any stain. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
JUST LOVE HAVING THE CLOROX WIPES FOR FAST AND EASY CLEAN UP. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i Love Clorox. Reliable brand and easy to use. I love especially the wipes. no hassle , just wipe and go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox because I know that when I finish, the job is done and my house is not only clean, but sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It smells good and it is convenient when I am cleaning. It as simple as wipe and go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is great for cleaning kitchen and bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes. Convenient solution for in the moment needs. No need for bottle and paper towels, just grab a wipe and you're done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i absolutely love the Clorox wipes. the smell is just right, not over powering in the lemon or bleach scent. the kids love using them to wipe there toys and desks too. family friendly and fun way to clean when you have little ones This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are easy to use and perfect for spot cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product for the money. Cleaning strength is spot on--or should I say spot off!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a germ freak so love convenient products that disinfects This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes. I use them everywhere from the car to the kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how clean these leave my surfaces. Great product and price. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the wipes. We have them in every room in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it I recommend them to disinfect door handles counters and other things This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wipe down my stainless steel with these wipes and it shines it up so nice, not to mention the fresh clean smell.
THis is by far my most favorite cleaning produce it is so easy to use and so affordable. I must admit the main reason I love it is the smel. It is so fresh.
I keep a bottle in my desk drawer at work. It's convenient size for storage, it removes stains, disinfects and deodorizes. It helps keep the office looking and smelling fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE THIS PRODUCT. I HAVE DOGS AND A CHILD AND I LOVE THIS WHEN I USE TO WIPE DOWN THEIR CAGES AND TO CLEAN MY KITCHEN AND BATHROOM This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These little packets are great when sitting at a questionable picnic table!
Great way to clean up after the kids and keep the kitchen spotless!!!
Finally, an affordable yet strong wipe that destroys germs and doesn't assault the senses with an overpowering scent...
I have a two yr old and im always cleaning up little messes. I love it two when i'm cooking with raw meat i feel comfortable knowing my counter top gets dissected after i wipe it. Great product!
Mother of 1 and have been using this for years. Love this product!
My family uses these wipes every day in our kitchen and bathroom. They are hands down the best wipes on the market.
Easy clean up in the kitchen. I like the lemon smell.
I love how it kills germs and keeps my home clean. I want to keep buying them.
I love these wipes! I use them all of the time! Would prefer if they were just a bit bigger though but otherwise clean up great.
Froms scent to cleaning power..I love these wipes!!! They are awesome and I would recommend to ANYONE!
I like the smell and the effectiveness. I use whenever I cook with meat.
I am super sensitive to smells and skin irritation. This product works and doesn't irritate my skin or senses!
I have been using these clorox wipes for years and I love them. I used them for all times of cleaning jobs.It also makes it faster to clean a lot of surfaces at home and at work.
I use Clorox Wipes on everything in my house, after use I feel so much cleaner and sanitized.
I use Clorox wipes for a variety of purposes - wipe down handles and knobs, counters,and baby toys. I never hand the toy back to my baby immediately. I usually clean during nap time or at night.
Love them. Can't make it through the day without them.
I LOVE this product, it offers comfort knowing my family is safe from harmful germs even when Im short on time! I use these everwhere from the bathroom, kitchen, bedrooms, dog kennel and even the car!! So quick easy and effective! Love it could never live without it!
Nice scent for a tough germ-killing wipe. The only problem is that I run out too quickly!
I love these and the fresh scent! I've used a few other brands before because they were on sale, but I am NOT satisfied. I've been using the other brands just until the run out, and they do NOT work as well and they smell AWEFUL! Stick to the Clorox brand!
I like this is not a citrus scent. I use them for just about everything. They work great for all my clean up projects.
I use the disinfecting wipes constantly. They are so great to have around the house for the big and small messes.
I use these especially in the bathroom and to clean up kitty urps and other occasional mishaps. The lemon is definitely the best of all of the scents for me.
I have a husband and two small boys, we have not been sick since I've started using this product on everything. No to mention the little mishaps that happen with two samll boys use the latrine.
I have a small child in my home and using Clorox wipes to make sure the house is clean and disinfected makes my life a whole lot easier.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE CLOROX WIPES, I CLEAN THE KITCHEN, BATHROOMS, ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING WITH THEM
I hate cleaning up after dinner, but these wipes make it so quick and easy. They are tough enough for a bit of scrubbing, and they smell great.
This product is grat I use it on everything around my house.
I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Easy to use,convenient packaging and always a great value.
Love how well the wipes work on countertops and do not bleach things .
I use these clorox wipes every day to clean up the kitchen counters after dinner. They work so well and smell good too!
I love the Clorox wipes, I use them all over my home and what I like about them is they don't leave a film behind.
I love the convience of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh)! The smell is not overwhelming, and it makes it so easy to clean surfaces. I keep one container of wipes in each bathroom, and one in my kitchen. It makes it easy to keep my home fresh, clean, and disinfected. Thank you Clorox for this great product!
Clorox wipes are great for a quicky clean up! Gets everything disinfected and smelling clean for those unexpected guests!
I use these for everything. I have 3 boys in my house and I am constantly going around behind them wiping things up. These wipes are amazing and smell great.
Every time I use these I feel comfortable knowing how clean things are. No greasy residue left behind either.
The Clorox wipes were great to use. Worked wonderful in my kitchen to clean everything. I will be using these alot more.
great verstitle effective cleaning tool ive used this product to clean the kitchen bathroom and almost every surface in my home
Love the wipes. They kill germs quickly and are easy to use. Great for a busy mom like me to keep counters, bathrooms and toys clean.
Great to nfect every item in the lassroom during the cold and flu season. So easy to use!!!
I love using Clorox wipes in my kitchen! I wipe my counters, microwave, fridge, and stove daily with a wipe(s), and feel that I am helping to keep my family healthier. I also use these wipes on doorknobs and light switches. They are wonderful!
I use these in the kitchen and bathroom and it gives it a clean and fresh smell!
I am constantly using these wipes to clean up spills and messes. I have four messy little boys in my house and these save me time cleaning up later.
I really love these wipes. Whenever I use them, it is quick easy and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been purchasing this product for over 10 years. Convenient in bathroom and kitchen. Not having to look for my Clorex spray bottle or cleaning towels for quick clean up. Love this product, especially with three young boys living at home.
I love using these, especially when I need a quick clean or something has been spilt. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these to disinfect all door and cabinet hanles, the stair railing ,the remote controls, the phones, and all switches. In addition, I use them to clean the blinds and the fan blades. They work great! They clean and disinfect effectively. They do not break apart like others that I have tried when my store is out of these. They do not cause any allergic reaactions me I am quite sensitive even to smells. I definitely recommend them to anyone who wants to make sure that all these things we touch continuously throughout the day are REALLY CLEAN.
Awesome product.. Clorox is better than any product out here This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fact that they don't leave any residue like some other brands do. Also, they smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Teachers love these clorox wipes, wipes those little germs right off those desks. Keeps everyone healthier and happy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep our college-age son well-supplied with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are perfect for both bathroom and kitchen use and a 'must have' when four young men are sharing common spaces to keep germs at bay! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the ease of use and how it disinfects. I feel like my home is cleaner with a simple swipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is amazing product! I use a major part of all their products, because I trust in all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love to use disinfecting wipes when we travel, on airplanes and in hotel rooms ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox because I know it will kill all germs that are in my home. I also love Clorox bleach because it brightens all over whites, it cleans my house very well! Keep up the great work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are great in a pinch. Don't have to lug out all my cleaning stuff. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product! Highly recommend Clorox wipes for anyone with young children! Easy clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it all over my home,for everything. I love this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox is my go to when cleaning exspeciaaly to disinfect killing germs and whitens very well This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are great to use at work for cleaning the desk. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes. I use them daily.... they clean up my kiitchen the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox because its always dependable cleaning and disinfecting This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for years and it never fails me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these Wipes! Use them in every room of the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these products and I buy these products often. they are easy to use. these are products I can trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes. They are great for home, and for my first grade classroom, especially during cold and flu season ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the only brand/type of cleaning product I buy for my household. Love this product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy using Clorox products to disinfect my entire home, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When it smells like clorax I know my house is clean and it disinfects all the nasty bacteria or germs that my house carrys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the ease or use of the disinfecting wipes. I use them for general cleanup after my baby and preschooler. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I highly recommend this product. Easy to use. Deodorizes and disinfects. My son is even sold on them. We can't keep enough of them in the house. I even carry them in my car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I need to kill germs in the bathroom. This is a fast and easy way to do just that! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
because when using these they don't tare apart or shred in your hands. Its nice to clean without making another mess while trying to do it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works really well on picking up spills on both carpet and tile This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love to use the clorox wipes while caring for my little ones. the wipes are easy to use and get the job done quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using clorox wipes for the bathroom. makes cleaning easier This review was collected as part of a promotion.
do not have to worry that clorox will not be a good product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product and convenient to use around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My son has had a heart transplant so we use these quite a lot, they are easy to use and then throw away. Can't live without them This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love my wipes for doors and surfaces that are touched numerous times throughout the day. It is much easier to grab a wipe than a cleaner. Love the smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes because it kills germs and it very easy to use. And I also use Clorox clean up for everything also tthey have great products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love this stuff, so easy to clean up all the messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product!! I am able to use it all throughout my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love this product at our house. It truly gets the guck and grime away without being harmful. LOVE IT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE IT!!! THESE PRODUCTS ARE AMAZING! I LOVE USING THEM This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried other brands of disinfecting wipes other than Clorox. They just don't get the job done as well as Clorox. They are easy to used and great for all around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. We always try to keep them handy, especially with toddler twins! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using Clorox wipes for everyday cleaning. Easy for wiping and disinfecting all touchable surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I find that nothing cleans and disinfects like Clorox. The store brand doesn't do the job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Vedette,35 -I absolutely love this product and use this every day in my house and work. I tried other products no other compares. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
have been using this product for a long time. by far my favorite way to clean up around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a great product, I use it a lot on counters after I work with chicken. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Easy to Use. Disinfects which is always a plus especially during the cold and flu season. I highly recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I bought these for my son's class. Good to know they are cutting down the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My family loves having clorox wipes around, they are convenient and we know they will disinfect properly.ki This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes for multiple uses in my home. It works great in the kitchen and even my little girls can help with clean up. I clean my stove top and it really gets through the grease and build up. My girls like to wipe the cabinets down and little do they know, they are getting the job done with the wipes. I also clean my floors with the wipes. I clean my bathroom floor on my knees and it helps me to get all the corners and edges perfectly. We also use the Clorox wipes on more appliances in the home, such as the fridge, washer, dryer and microwave. The wipes are my saving grace! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox disinfecting wipes more than any other product in my home. I just pull out a wipe and it cleans and disenfects just like that!! They are wonderful for cleaning up messes behind small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love how it cleans and sanitizes. love how the germs just disappear This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Its a good product. I have been using clorox since i got my first child. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
There is nothing as quick or as simple to use as Clorox Disinfecting wipes, to clean up messes quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these by the truck load in ever scent. We always keep at least one can in each room! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy it it so clean your kitchen and also taking out the wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always buy my 1 product I go too to disinfect or clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox wipes! I use them at home and at work! Convenient and cleans Great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A teaching friend of mine told me that what she really wished her students would bring her for Christmas gifts this time of year is actually Clorox wipes! We use them at home almost every day and keep a canister in every bathroom and under the kitchen sink. So easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes. They are easy and convenient. Great for quick clean ups. You can always find a great deal on them too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are so convenient I use them all the time around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the Clorox wipes, because I have three small children who loves to play in dirt, plants and bring all there little germs in the house I use the Clorox wipes on everything even there toys. I have noticed since I have been purchasing the wipes my babies aren't catching common colds or viruses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is the best disinfecting agent there is.. When you use clorox you already know its clean I love clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes make it so easy for me to just grab clean and sanitize in just one swoop! We love these and they smell great!
I use this product to clean just about every surface in my house. I love the clorox disinfecting wipes! I have always depended on the clorox name for clean fresh.
I could not live without my Clorox Wipes!! I am a germaphobic and work in healthcare! I love to be able to pop one out and wipe everything down! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the wipes. They are easy to use and clean really well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
quick clean up. worth every penny. tried an d true procduct This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the ease of this product! They are handy and so easy to use no matter where you are!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are my go to cleaning wipes in the bathroom. I am a Mom to 4 boys... who can never seem to hit the toilet. I keep Clorox wipes near the toilet at all times to clean up those little messes. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are a must have with any household. Whether it's kids, pets, friends over for the game, or a night of home cooking, Clorox Wipes make cleaning convenient. Because the wipes are a Clorox product, I know that I have a product that works with ease every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Lemony smell and the effectiveness of Clorox wipes. The off-brand just doesn't work as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product and fair price.I use this product daily This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! It's so convenient to grab one to clean up messes and, they smell so fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product! I use this for all my household needs. I love how convenient these wipes are. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the only product I use to clean my kitchen and bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With a 2 year old and newborn during flu season, there is nothing more that I want then to smell and know that my surfaces are clean. My time is limited and I hate to clean. but at least i know that when i do i'm using a product that gets the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Quick, easy to use product to disinfect with small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. Easy to use and I feel good cleaning with it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep the to go wipes in my truck for easy clean up/disinfecting. I like the way they clean and I like the way they smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes they are so easy and it very nice to know they are making my house clean and germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wiped for everything even to pick up my dogs poo. having a puppy is hard so they help with the messes he leaves behind This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are great for cleaning and disinfecting all at once. This product is convenient and sanitary. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Like tje cliorox desinfintant wipes. Recommended to all my friends Great Product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy enough for my pre-teen daughter to use to keep her bathroom clean. Just an idea . . . how about some fun designs so they can stay out on the counter (similar to Kleenex boxes). I like the freshness/smell of a clean bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these for countertops after sticky little fingers! Cleans great and gets those germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i would highly recommend clorox above all cleaning products it cleans everything from kitchens to bathroom .leaves clean smell and oh so powerful luv it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product!! I use them or everything, even the smallest of messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my kitchen and bathroom have the best smell in town after I have cleaned with my lemon scented Clorox wipes! they are so easy to use and I love to have them at my desk at work during the germ season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I keep wipes upstairs and downstairs for easy, convenient clean-ups of bathrooms, countertops, etc. They're so handy and easy-to-use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use the Clorox wipes in my kitchen. These are also very handy to have in the bathroom to clean the counter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use Clorox wipes for everything - bathroom, kitchen, kid's play area, etc. All of the scents are great, but I LOVE the Fresh scent the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes especially now during cold and flu season. Keeps my home smelling clean Disinfeccted. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Not only do I use Clorox wipes to clean counters, walls, the fridge, I also use them to clean the floor in small areas such as the bathroom. So convenient.
Cleans my stair handle all the time. I luv this product.
I really like to have these around the house for easy clean up
I love this product for my kids' classroom. The teachers use it to wipe down the desks and it is so helpful in preventing the spread of germs. I send this to school every year.
This product cleans and disinfects every area of the house. It is a very good wipe.
I use this product every day in our bathrooms and kitchen. Love the fresh smell and knowing that my house is cleaned with this great product.
I love using Clorox wipes for disinfecting the kitchen and all over our home. The lemon has great scent in the kitchen and keeps everything clean!
These wipes are AMAZING! They cut through any greasy or dried on mess the first time..and they smell good too!
I don't think Clorox pushes this product enough! I keep a container in almost every room of the house. Makes it so easy to keep a clean, healthy, sweet smelling home. Along with obvious kitchen and bath surfaces, I run a cloth over woodwork, picture frames, door knobs - virtually every surface in my house! So quick, so easy, Get the word out there!!!!
Perfect for cleaning the refigerator! I love the smell and convenience of these wipes. Cleaning up the nasty germs and just throw the wipe away!!
I use these clorox wipes for almost everything in my house that needs to be cleaned. This eliminates toting cleaners all over the house and it has a wonderful fresh scent.
With having a two year old who enjoys to make a mess with her food....I go thro these wipes constantly. I also love to use them in our bathroom to do a quick clean of the sink and toilet!
We have two little ones in our house with tons of sticky spills on the kitchen table. When dinner is over we just wipe up the mess and away we go!
Great for kid spills. Awesome for counter cleaning after cooking.
These are a must have for the in between bathroom clean ups!
I love the fresh smell of these wipes as well as the way they clean. They do a great job and make my home smell clean and fresh!
I love clorox disenfecting wipes for in-between deep-cleaning! My favorite time-saving cleaning product!
I love the wipes i use them all over my house, and they smell good to.
Love this product to have my kids help with cleaning - even the young ones can clean sinks and counters. It is so easy convenient!
This product is great to use when you want something quick and effective to remove germs.
I absolutely could not live without these! They are so very handy, and I trust them to keep my home surfaces germ free. They smell good, not too strong, and wipe up messes well.
I love these wipes and use them all the time. The are very convenient and easy to use. I love the fact that I can clean and disinfect things so easily and quickly.
Everything I need for a quick clean up, and all from a brand I have trusted for my family for years.
I absolutely love the Clorox wipes. I literally use them every day for my kitchen as well as doorknobs, etc. to kill germs!
Fabulous product to use on any bathroom and kitchen. Wonderful wipes to have available on your home.
I know that my counters and any surface that I clean are really clean, when I use clorox wipes. I feel confident that I can cook on clean counters!
Clorox disinfecting wipes makes my cleaning so easy. From small spills or big disinfecting cleaning jobs these wipes are very helpful. I use these wipes in every room, my car, and at work at my desk.
These are my favorite to clean especially the bathroom.
Love the lemon scent in the kitchen. I use it for sink, countertops, appliances, and my cabinets!
I use Clorox wipes on a daily basis. They disinfect, clean, and smell fresh. One of my favorite cleaning products.
love your product. Clean, Smells Good, And Disinfects!
I love to stick it in my car for on the go messes. It makes bathroom clean ups a breeze.
I love Clorox disinfecting wipes, because I can use it anytime and quickly. I don't need to grab, use and rinse a sponge. I like to have one in every room. My favorite place is the bathroom. As soon as I'm done for the day I wipe my sink and the surroundings clean. I love it!
I LIKE TO WIPE DOWN COUNTER TOPS AND SINKS WITH THE CLOTHS. SMELLS AND FEELS GERM FREE This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My mom started me on using this product and i love it! love that it makes the house smell fresh and clean and it disinfects at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product that delivers outstanding performance. This product is always my go to when it comes to kitchen and bathroom clean up. No comparison to the off brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They clean so well, my kids use them to clean there toys too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good product to disinfect all the areas in the house, car, and office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use a lot of bleach. When you have a handyman hubby, he does a lot of great things... including getting really messy! He's also a fabulous cook! So I use bleach in his laundry and on our kitchen cabinets to clean up his messes. Then the bathroom and laundry room can't stand a chance either. After we had a bit of the flu, I used the wipes on every light switch and handle in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. I would recommend this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Clorox disinfecting wipes provides excellence in cleaning your home or office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are great for quick clean ups. I keep them in the car, kitchen, bathroom, and baby room. I love the convenience and how effective they are! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These work great and have a great smell without smelling too much like chemicals. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love it. it disenfects and is friendly for my kids. They even like to use them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes because I get sick often and have a toddler. It's quick and easy to wipe all our surfaces down until I get better to do deep cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this product is amazing if you have toddlers!!!! gets everything clean with only one wipe!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product! Great to use to disinfect surfaces to keep my babies healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes. They are handy while disinfecting and Deodorizing. We always use these in our house This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these daily in my kitchen. Love the lemon smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use clorox to clear everything. I clean with it every day. I like the results i get. and my house feels clean. They are easy to dispose and easy to accesses. I recommend this product to any one look for a reliable cleaning agent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox products. They work well and are a good value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use in mostly in the bathroom or kitchen, but great to use anywhere!! Especially love the scrubbing ones! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox products all the time! The wipes are great for messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the Clorox wipes because they are very convenient for all levels of mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using the lemon scent in my kitchen. It always makes the counter tops feel so much cleaner compared to using anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Always works great and is great for cleaning and disinfecting! Will recommend to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. I love the lemon smell and the product is easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are essential in helping me maintain a clean bathroom and kitchen. I dont know what i'd do without them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use them constantly in the bathrooms with potty training kids who can't seem to get everything in the potty all the time. They're convenient and quick, so I can get back to the rest of my day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
even children can use these to clean up their rooms, restroom and other house common areas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have been using Clorox products since I was a little girl,my mom always had a bottle on hand. When I got married in the 80's This is my disinfectant of choice,also laundry does a fantastic job of cleaning my whites and also my colors.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I THINK CLOROX IS SO GREAT BECAUSE IS DISINFECTS EVERYTHING AND MAKES IS SMELL AMAZING! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love all things Clorox!! I use Clorox to disinfect around my home!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
cleans really well, without the nasty chemical smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These Clorox wipes are an excellent product. I can use them with confidence and know that what I am cleaning will be thoroughly cleaned and sanitized when I use them. They are convenient to use and great quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried using the store brands but it is just not the same. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the disinfecting wipes for on the go cleanliness!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the clean fresh smell and satisfaction of knowing I'm using a safe product to keep my family healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how you can grab them on the go and use them with easy. I have these bottle placed all over my house these wipe are great I plan on buying some and sending them to my kid school to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes. They're durable and quickly clean and deodorize in a snap. I love the convenience and the value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They're convenient and good at a moment's notice when a cleaning rag is needed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this stuff! Always easy to grab and go - can't live without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes, they are my favorite thing to clean with! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great and fast clean up for messes made by my kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent product! Keeps the germs at bay at our home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes, use them daily to wipe down my kitchen counters, makes my kitchen feel so clean! Would recommend these to everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes always work well when cleaning around the house.They are great for messes that my children make. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes daily on my door knobs and surfaces. They are excellent and very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox disinfecting wipes because they get the job done and they are easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these to clean my kids' bathroom. They disinfect and make the bathroom smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We live in a part of the country where it gets very cold every year and the town goes through its' cold season where it seems everyone is going to the doctor. With three kids under age 5, I keep them everywhere...in our car, diaper bag and house to keep all surfaces little hands will touch germ-free!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the wipes... very convenient and easy to use and they do a good job! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I uses Clorox wipes because they easily clean up after my two little girls. This includes the high chair table! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Clorox wipes. I use them at home and my office for disinfecting everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes. They are easy to grab and clean. Just wipe and throw away. I love the fact that it kills germs too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love the clorox disinfecting wipes! They are so easy to use and they clean great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i literally use clorox wipes to clean everything. They should make clorax brand baby wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i think this is the best thing they came out with . will use it forever This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these wipes and always get so sad when I run out, they are great and easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell and the way all Clorox products work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are amazing. I use them all over my house for spills, cleaning the bathrooms and kitchen, etc. They are so convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the ease of taking the to go packs with me any where I go. When we go on vacation, I wipe everything down with a Clorox wipe before anyone is allowed to touch anything or unpack anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love using this product, it cleans up the mess and leaves a fantastic smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy Clorox because I know it's a product I can trust. It sanitizes and lets me know my family is free from germs. The fresh scents keep my home smelling good and the powerful bleach gets and keeps my whites looking their best. In my opinion this is the best product to use around the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Handy canisters easy to store where needed most, kitchen, bath and laundry room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used this product in the past and it does a great job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the smell and the ability to quickly clean and disinfect my counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've enjoyed using this product for years. Clorox is a brand I turn to because I know it will clean up any mess from food to drinks to bathroom messes! It maintains a great value while keeping the same standards of cleanliness! Thanks for such a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox disinfecting wipes! They get the job done every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my husband use this brand all the time! He have used up many cans already! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are great for,cleaning around the house and keeping germs away This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It keeps my kids safe from the germs they carry in from school and easy to use. No more mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great product. It has many uses including outdoor and indoor. I have used this product for many years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love using this product at home, and cleaning my kids room.. will recommend with family and friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these wipes are lifesavers, my kids can use them to clean up and wipe off counters. love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a teacher and I love to use Clorox wipes to keep my classroom clean and germ-free. Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes. They're so convenient. Instead of getting a cloth, applying water, applying soap, wringing it out, wiping down the counter, rinsing the counter...all I have to do is pop the lid, pull out a wipe and wipe the area. Then I'm done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes, because they are practical and clean and deodorizes really good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox Wipes on just about everything my kids touch. They are so easy to use and I know that I am not only removing any dirt or stains, but I am also disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love this product because it is easy and safe for kids to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So easy even my 5 year old can help clean up messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to take these when I travel to wipe down airplane trays, hotel rooms, and bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product.. easy to use smells clean and if it is Clorox it has to bee good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
If anything spills grabbing a clorox disinfecting wipe is the quickest and easiest way to go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I been around Clorox products since i can remember. My mother used them to do all type of cleaning. At first the odor seemed a little strong for me as a kid but now with all these new odor senses i love them! I have my kid now and i wouldn't trade Clorox products for anything. Easy to use for deep cleaning. YaquelinV This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this brand because it kills 99.9 bacteria and viruses. Keeps your house smelling clean scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been purchasing Clorox products for years. I love the disenfecting wipes because they are so convenient and easy to use to clean up around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great products! Keep the house clean from germs an viruses. Will always use Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love them to clean high chair, tables, and cooking area after handling meat. I also love then to clean the bathrooms This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Have used Clorox for years.. Would not use anything else!! EVER!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the power of Clorox and how it removes stains from clothes.It not only freshens things up,but it also cleans it as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
clorox is one of the only cleaners that I buy, the rest are homemade! The wipes are always nice and wet and they're so convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are so easy to use -- love that they disinfect too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love how easy and convenient product is. I use to clean up the many messes made by my children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox Wipes are great for clean-up jobs that cannot be completed with a sponge, such as the computer keyboard and mouse. It's important to clean these items thoroughly, as they are often the most used, and most germ-filled items in the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for a very long time. It is a good value for the price. Everything I clean with the wipes is fresh and disinfected. Recommend highly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product on just about everything in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes makes it so easy to clean. I use them everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It has the best odor neutralizing action. It always feel clean fresh when you use this type scent of wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND USE CLOROX ON EVERYTHING. IT IS MY GO TO PRODUCT IN MY HOME AND MY SPA. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is so convenient you can use it on the go This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are awesome and convenient love them cant live without them I have them at work home and in my car This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great disinfectant and helps protect my family during sickly outbreaks This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gotta love what kills those germs! Oh, and what germs we have around here! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has amazing products but my favorite are the Clorox Wipes. It makes cleaning super convenient and fun! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great and quick. When I need to make sure something is cleaned and disinfected and don't want to get a sprayer and a rag this is perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are the best wipes from a name that we know and trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
excellent product I use them all the time. I highly recommend them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would absolutely recommend Clorox products! I've used them in my home for years! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great Product! Convenient to use ,easy to store, works on so many different messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product!! This is easy to use and does the job! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
beautiful product cuts grease and disinfects great all around product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great to use on any cleaning job. Quick and simple! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a young son so this product is perfect for messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Amazing product does its job. Easy to use. Sturdy. Holds up for any job This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox wipes on my counter tops its an easy clean and it disinfects at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox products. Makes my house feel and smell so clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these for spills in my car. they keep my car clean and smelling good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
its a very nice product from clorox. it really does its job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i used these to sanitize objects after my husband got the flu and no one else in the house got sick. I also use them at a nursing home in the therapy gym to sanitize after therapy sessions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these Clorox wipes! I use then to clean all different rooms in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My daughter got the flu a few weeks ago and these wipes helped contain it to just her. No one else got sick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love them I have them in every part of the house. They clean really well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the scent and ease of use of the Clorox Lemon Wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it in my home everyday! With kids it's neccesary to have something quick you can wipe things down with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes would be 100 wonderful if they would come in a more convenient to use canister, such as a baby wipe style. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox products to clean my kids toys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these wipes! my 3 year old always begs to clean with them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The best and easiest way to clean up messes and disinfect at the same. The Clorox brand wins! . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love all the Clorox disinfecting products i use them all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product, we use it everywhere. On counter-tops, airplanes, restaurants high chairs, shopping carts. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
we use these all the time at my workplace. For the restroom, telephones, door knobs everything especially during flu season.
great product, cost effective,cleans well,smells great. i love clorox it has been around since i can remember. awesome This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product, I keep this under my kitchen and bathroom sink for easy cleaning. I use this as an all around cleaning.
I use these wipes all of the time, in the kitchen, 2 bathrooms and both of our vehicles..........greaaaat fragrance toooooo.
I like the convenience and effectiveness of these wipes. I use them in kitchen and bathroom as well as other areas of house.
I LOVE USING CLOROX WIPES!!!! WETHER IM CLEANING MY BATHROOM OR KITCHEN CLOROX WIPES DESINFECT AND CLEANS ALMOST ANY SURFACE
I use these to wipe my kitchen countertop down. They are easy to use and I know that my countertop is disinfected and clean.
Thes Whpes are WONDERFUL! I buy every month because I trust the product and the wipes work for me and the jobs I need to do!
I love the Clorox wipes. They are so convenient to keep in the bathroom or kitchen. Just pull out, use and throw away This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've always loved Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are convenient, strong and get the job done with one cloth. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the best thing ever. For full time mom with 4 kids these are a lifesaver. From the classroom to the kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox wipes bc they make life easier....the smell and cleaniness after you use the product is what i look for This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't use any other cleaner or trust any other bleach to put in with my whites. Clorox just knows how to get clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox disinfecting wipes are great in the van where a bucket, soap and water aren't always handy for little clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is great in teaching my son to clean counter tops, door knobs, the phone handle and many other touchable objects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes on everything but the floor and glass in my bathroom. Use it for all my coutertop surfaces too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is a great product. It has many uses including outdoor and indoor. I have used this product for many years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love having these around the house! They make it easy for quick clean ups whenever needed. We would be lost without them!
I use the clorox wipes in my bathroom to clean up messes when the grandkids wash their hands and leave a dirty mess behind.
I love the smell. Love the fact that it has a pop up lid to where I can easily get my wipes. And the obvious it rids germs!
There is not a day in my house where you won't find a tub of these! I always go for these when I have anything to clean up!
Being in the classroom all day, often with sick children, it's reassuring to know we can disinfect easily with these wipes.
I use them on my whole house, they make everything shine and smell so fresh. They are great to freshen up the car too This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very convenient to take and use in the car and around the house, leaves everything smelling and looking great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are great! i love how portable they are and easy to have runaround. they are great to have around perfect when you have kids!
I use this product all the time i like that i can get a a disinfecting clean and not have my hand fell dry from harsh chemicals!!!
I truly love using this product. I feel I am not ready for flu season until I am stocked up on Clorox! GREAT PRODUCT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these wipes. Especially when I walk back in the room I've just cleaned. I KNOW it's clean it smells super!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are awesome to have in the house, especially during the cold/flu season and with little ones to clean up after! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these. With 2 small children around there is always something that needs to be cleaned. These wipes make it easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes! It makes it so easy to clean up messes! I also use it as a stain remover on my microfiber couch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes, especially the lemon scent. It cleans surfaces very well and is very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the fresh smell and the wetness of the wipes. Other brands seem to have drier wipes that do not clean as well This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love clorox products! I am mother of 2 and am always cleaning. Using these products makes my life so much easier:) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I want to shear with yall how amazing this stuff works ... I alwasy can depend on clorox to wash, clean an mkre clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox lemon wipes are great in the classroom for cleaning up and stopping the spread of germs. They smell great too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using these wipes for years! I tried using other brands. They are just not as durable. Love this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product. The wipes are amazing. They don't rip when clean rough surfaces. They leave everything smelling great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox disinfecting wipes in all scents. They are so convenient and make kitchen and bathroom cleanup a breeze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These wipes are wonderful, especially at the very last minute before company. A quick wipe and it's clean...really clean..
I love to use Clorox wipes for just about all my surface cleaning needs. They clean everything so nice and smell great to.
I am a busy mom, wife, employee and student. I love anything that helps make my time in the kitchen easier. Thanks Clorox!
When we travel i aways pack my Clorox Wipes to make sure where ever we stay we don't pick up germs that maybe left behind.
I love this product. It cleans well and leaves a wonderful smell that reassures you that your home is clean and germ free!
Clorox disinfecting wipes work great! Easy to use, disinfects and kills germs, and cleans all at the same time! Love them!
I love the convenience of this product in both the kitchen and the bathroom. I am always confident the surfaces are clean!
I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. We use them in every room of the house, at work, and at church in the infant room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have my children wipe down the bathroom everyday with wipes. It keeps the bathroom looking nice between cleanings. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I LOVE clorox wipes! Having 2 kids, I use them in every room in the house! They are my go-to cleaning product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great cleaning product. Use in kitchen, laundry room, bathrooms and especially to clean group when dog wets the floor This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We have used Clorox wipes for a very long time and are so happy with how well they work and how easy they are to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love them!!! I have 5 kids and i use them all the time. they make it very easy to clean with a fast paced life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I carry these in the diaper bag. Easy to pull one out and wipe down the shopping cart before i put my daughter in it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
With my children getting sick during the fall and winter seasons, also my husband, I stock up and use them regularly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product! smells wonderful and easy to use. I use it everywhere in my house to disinfect. I don't notice any residue.
I have a 3 year old so disinfecting quicly and easily is impotartant and this works wonders! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The battles between the Germs and I. Germs zero and Clorox Wipes are the Winners. I love you also. My Hero's. Shirley B. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell and how great they work. They are wonderful for quick clean up. No more sponge on the counters and stove!
i love clorox wipes. they clean anything and everything! they leave a fresh scent and everything feels so clean and fresh.
This is what I use to clean my bathroom. Smells great and does a great job too! Love how I can just clean then throw away.
I have been using Clorox wipes for quite a while now. I love the way they clean and disinfect. I love the lemon scent too!
This is the best product for fast clean ups leaving your room smelling fresh. you should always keep this product on hand.
I love these wipes, I can use them on almost every surface in my home and know that I am keeping it clean for my children!
Have two kids and I always have clorox to go wipes in my purse or my truck because are easy to use and clean perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product. Easy to use. I like them because you use them once and throw them away. No keeping unwanted germs in sponges. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is great to wipe down the care steering wheel, door handles, controls. etc. during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox products are an absolute must to have around with young kids. Makes cleaning up after them easier and faster This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox because I know that when I finish, the job is done and my house is not only clean, but sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love knowing I am killing germs around my house with the disinfecting wipe downs - and they make great gifts for teachers! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love using these products to clean the house. but most of all i like the way they make the counters looking like new This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Love this product. This disinfects very well and kills germs. I use these everyday and on every surface in our home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes for everything. When I get hand me down toys I scrubbed them down with these wipes. Great for everything.
Love this product line .. no matter which one i use they all work magic and leaves my house clean and smelling wonderful :
Clorox cleaning wipes save me so much time! Thank you for making my life so much easier and giving me time to read again :)
I use clorox disinfecting wipes for spills, cleaning up after pets, and cleaning the house! It works well with all of this.
keep these on the counter - quick wipe up even when I don't need to disinfect. Clean the counter then spot clean the floor.
I love how convenient and easy it is to use the disinfecting wipes. It makes cleaning easy for a busy Mom of three. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this product to clean my whole house. Its easy, fast and can disinfect a lot of areas. I always have one in my house!
Awesome product that gets the job done and smells good in the process. Nothing beats a clean and fragrant home or office!!!
Smells so Fresh Clean!! They are so handy! My kids even love helping clean! They even clean windows, how Awesome is that!
This is the only brand I buy for home and school. The conveinience of the wipes makes them my go to product for everything.
I love Clorox products. They are wonderful and I could not make it through my cleaning and laundry chores without it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We use Clorox wipes everyday in our home! With kids it's a must have with every dirty things they get their hands on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox disinfecting wipes everyday for the kitchen and the bathroom. They are convenient and easy to use. Love them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am so paranoid about germs in the kitchen and using clorox really helps me feel like I've taken care of all of them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use these wipes all the time around my house with 3 young children. They are easy to access and get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes to clean everything. It feels good to know that I am cleaning and disinfecting at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox wipes! Use them daily for all messes around my house...which is a lot with a toddler running around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are very convenient. Especially with kids and puppies and all there messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using Clorox Wipes on all my surfaces at home. Especially since there is so many virus and flu going around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the lemony smell of the wipes. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who like the lemon smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the product would defiantly recommend to someone else and also I buy this product for my kids school. love it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using these. They are easy to use. They smell great. The teachers love them. They are a staple in our home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
we use them every day in our kitchen and bath rooms and by our cats food dishes and by the liter boxes. great stuff! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easier to use and quicker than sprays or powders. They vastly speed up clean up of my teenage son's bathroom. Love them!!
Love the conveinence and dependablility of this product. Never have to worry about the safety of the items I use this on!
I love the wipes especailly because it is easy to use. Especially since it has a lemon scents you do not think its clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Clorox wipes for easy cleaning of the bathroom. I user it for the countertop, sink faucet and toilet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox wipes and other clorox products around the house. I am very satisfied with its effectiveness to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using this product. It's so convenient to just having on hand, to disinfecting areas during the cold season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These work great for college dorm rooms or apartments. Easy to use and a quick clean up and disinfects very easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have two kids, so an easy clean up is a must. I know the Clorox wipes will get the job done - and are easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like this product because it cleans up messes easily. I want to stock up on this especially during the flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product!!! I will continue to use this product for all my cleaning, especially during the flu and cold season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product as I am able to use all over the house from cleaning up toys to cleaning the sink at the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We love lysol wipes! we use them on all our hard surfaces! So convenient when in the camper, easy to store and use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like that the product is compact and not take a lot of space. Then it is easy to use, and keep the house germ free This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love these things! I use them everyday! I even send some to with my daughter to college to help keep her room clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox Wipes they are convenient to use and disinfect everything. My kids can use them too they are so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having a young child, there is always a mess. Clorox wipes are always quick and easy to use, and are very affective! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love to buy the disinfecting wipes. They are a staple in our household with 4 children (including a set of twins). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are easy to use, and I can trust that all items I have cleaned, are CLEAN! I like the fresh clean smell, also! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox is my go to cleaner with so many kids and their messes I don't have time to use something that doesn't work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox has been a 1 cleaning product throughout my whole life. It gets the house nice and clean. Thank you Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great for wipng down counters in the bathroom and kitchen and wiping up messes. I totally trust it to sanitize surfaces.
These wipes are not only effective at cleaning, they also motivate my children to help clean as well. Now that is magic!
The only product I use when I need to do general maintenence cleanup like wiping countertops, wiping off the stove, etc.
I know that whenever my family gets the sniffles its time to disinfect! Clorox wipes allow me to safely clean every surface This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't like how the extra liquid drips to the bottom of the container, but other than that, it's a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox wipes for everyday cleaning. Great for messy spills, greasy residue on the stove and disinfecting everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Their products clean well. They are a reliable company. The wipes in particular do the job they are supposed to do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
absolutely LOVE the Clorox wipes. makes life easier. they are convenient and are safe to use in a house with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love to use in mostly in the bathroom or kitchen, but great to use anywhere!! Especially love the scrubbing ones! This review was collected as part of a promotion.

